text
i'm on the fans' forum show on arsenal tv with tom watt at 8pm. should be good
Major title for Arsenal? Gunners fan Ian Poulter leading the Masters
Off to Emirates for fans forum on Arsenal TV online with Tom Watt. Defence surely the big talking point tonight.
Good Arsenal TV fans' forum - lots of complaints about Almunia but also lots of faith for the rest of the Premier League season.
"Arsenal fan Ian Poulter must be taking fashion advice from Nick Bendtner - forget pink boots, it's all about pink sun visors in golf!"
"Arsenal fans, don't worry about the Cesc Fabregas-Manchester City story. If he does leave in the summer it will be to return to Spain."
kranjcar to have scan tomorrow on leg injury suffered against pompey - could be out of arsenal game
Great weekend for Chelsea and Arsenal. The Gunners will really fancy taking advantage of Tottenham's tired legs at WHL.
Could RVP be the difference for Arsenal? Wenger thinks so
gael clichy thinks the tott v arsenal match could be the biggest n london derby of recent times - draw no good for either side
Usmanov may not publicly rule out an attempted takeover of Arsenal but he knows any offer he made would be rejected. Kroenke still the man
What now for Arsenal? Lots of questions ahead of next season. Gallas? Sol? Cesc? And Wenger will be holding contract talks in the summer
Denilson probably out of Wigan game - the Arsenal injuries just keep on coming.
wenger today hinted sol may get new #arsenal contract thanks to spurs display
good luck to @johncrossmirror on #arsenal fans forum tonight. well worth a watch if you're in
spoke to #tottenham employee who said he'd take three points from arsenal #chelsea and #mufc games - could be six points with #mufc to come
#football maybe wenger has a point about the premier league being far better than la liga. #arsenal will still think they have a chance.
"sunday rumours - #arsenal want rodallega, joe hart, rob green and will offer wenger contract to 2014 - thoughts? lyon want eduardo for 8mill"
reports in spain that #arsenal midfielder fran merida has agreed deal with atletico madrid. think that was the case some time ago
also #arsenal boss wenger practically confirms chamakh is on his way. can't see another striker coming in but vela could go
no doubt my pal and arsenal expert @johncrossmirror will be singing martin o'neill's praises later...
"most people would be more likely to compare us to bill and ben, however!!! #arsenal updates coming later"
@DanCompton Would be amazed in #mcfc agreed to sell Hart to #arsenal. Sczhesney will be a great keeper - but got to give him time
"Would #arsenal fans out there prefer Hart, Green or Almunia? Would be amazed if #mcfc agreed to sell Hart to rivals"
Popular opinion is #Arsenal need to replace Almunia. Hart is getting a good shout
@AnmolC I may be wrong but think Steve Mandanda once had a trial for #avfc and was rejected. In that case not good enough for #arsenal
@Batze14 Wenger was asked about Lloris last week. He hinted he would be too expensive for #arsenal
@Yebs I may as well be up front about this #avfc born and bred but lived in London for eight years and have strong affection for #arsenal
@RasDam #Arsenal sold two players who City were prepared to pay silly money for and who were on the way down. Hart is on the way up.
@AnmolC Arsenal got good young keepers - they need someone to come straight into first team.
@benthear That's the big problem - #mcfc would be mad to sell to #arsenal.
Latest #arsenal kid to come through is 18-year-old Conor henderson who is thought to be on bench at Wigan today.
#Arsenal kid Conor Henderson - central midfielder or wide left. Played for both England and Eire youth teams
@Yebs Good Villa Park knowledge! Great to get an idea of #arsenal views and opinions
Fabianski in goal for #arsenal at Wigan today - very interesting after Wenger hinted he may be after a new keeper during the summer
What do #Arsenal fans think of Fabianski in goal today? End of the road for Almunia?
"#arsenal: Fabianski, Sagna, Campbell, Silvestre, Clichy, Walcott, Eastmond, Diaby, Nasri, Rosicky, Bendtner. Henderson and VP on bench"
No Almunia on bench for #arsenal. Mannone
I'd like to see Clichy as #arsenal deputy captain behind Cesc. Strikes me as a real leader. Pleased for Sol though.
These purple nike boots are very popular at the moment. #Arsenal not comfortable at the back at the mo.
@Arsenal_Blog No idea - Black addidas are the way forward
#Arsenal turning the screw - would be a great time to score
Get in Theo - kew he'd have a good day today. So pleased for him. #Arsenal 1 up
"A lot of people disagree with me on Theo. Keep the faith, with fitness and confidence he will be a big big players for #Arsenal and #England"
How many points have goalkeepers cost #Arsenal this season? This is ridiculous. Fab not to blame for N'Zogbia strike
I tried to give Fabianski the benefit of the doubt - but can't defend him after that. So so sloppy from #Arsenal
There can now be no debate - #Arsenal must sign a goalkeeper. Fact
Paul Merson: #Arsenal will never ever win another League title until they get a goalkeeper
what do #arsenal fans want? beat #mcfc and help #tottenham or #mcfc win to harm spurs cl hopes?
good attitude from #arsenal fans - want to beat #mcfc and forget #tottenham. good to hear
@aphiss #avfc born and bred but strong affection for #arsenal and report on them for daily express
spoke to pl keeper coach today who said #arsenal's fabianski just not good enough...
also said #arsenal have too many young keepers so none of them play enough....
@darrenepsein1 remember arsenal were never in the title race last season and all the top teams have dropped more points this term
@darrenepstein1 remember arsenal were never in the title race last season and all the top teams have dropped more points this term
Understand #arsenal anger but Wenger going is not the answer. Apart from new players what about changes in backroom staff to freshen things?
my friend @dtguardian says #arsenal fans could be charged up to 73pounds for a ticket next season
sorry missed out key fact - @dtguardian says #arsenal fans could be charged up to 73 pounds for a ticket at #chelsea next season
it seems it's #chelsea fans to be charged up to 73pounds for #arsenal game. trying to establish what away fans will pay next season...
"okay, panic over. @dtguardian is taking great delight i have misunderstood. #chelsea home fans paying up to 73 pounds next season 4 #arsenal"
@CraianosGoon could be truth there is interest but would be amazed if #mcfc sold to #arsenal
"Ian Wright makes some valid #arsenal points. But Eduardo? I assume he wasn't at the Wolves game . Sorry, but Eduardo not the answer."
"It will be fascinating to see how Jose Mourinho tries to stop Messi. #Arsenal couldn't cope, so let's see how special the Special One is."
@Roscoewigley9 I take your point but Arsenal could have done more to cut off supply to Messi - watch what Mourinho does about Xavi
Barca have not bid for clichy but the idea of selling him has not been dismissed by everyone at #arsenal...
Lots of different views on clichy. I think #arsenal should keep him. One of few experienced natrul leaders in squad. Gibbs needs more time
Wenger still undecided on keeper for #arsenal game against #mcfc. Would like to give fab another go before end of season
Arshavin thinks he will be fit for #arsenal game against #mcfc - still no word on keepers
@AnmolC Interesting day I said! It was the fact not everyone inside #arsenal is against selling clichy and the fact #westham could go ...
AW says Almunia still has a wrist problem so Fabianski is set to keep his place in goal for #arsenal against #mcfc this weekend.
Seeing Arsene Wenger today. Should be a lot to talk about ahead of #arsenal v #mcfc - not least a certain former striker...
"@lovenotkate I'll do my best - there will be a lot of chat about former #arsenal players, goalkeepers and transfers today"
Lots of good words about Ledley from #spurs and #arsenal fans but majority seem to think he would be too much of a risk for World Cup.
Okay next question before I set off for London Colney shortly. Will #spurs fans be cheering for #arsenal this weekend?
#ff all #arsenal and #spurs fans should be following @DTguardian today for all the latest opposition news
An #arsenal round-up http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/170960/Arsene-Wenger-s-battle-plan/
Big contrast on how #arsenal manager Wenger spoke about Vieira and Adebayor today. Giving little away re keepers and transfers
@KARLITO_SW Many thanks for shout. I cover #arsenal and have London affection for them. But must be clear I am a Villa fan born and bred!
Wenger refused to talk at all about #arsenal transfers today - but interestingly ruled nothing out
#celtic confirmed for #arsenal emirates cup - #acmilan rumoured
So who are these 'experts' advising #arsenal boss wenger on keepers?
@mungobungo Very tight but # arsenal to nick it
Turns out that giggs bloke can take a pen then - massive game for #mcfc at #arsenal now
"#arsenal - fab in, vp starts and capt, adebayor on bench. full teams to come"
"#arsenal team v #mcfc - Fabianski, Sagna, Campbell, Silvestre, Clichy, Rosicky, Song, Diaby, Walcott, Van Persie (capt), Nasri"
"#mcfc team v #arsenal - Given, Zabaleta, Toure (capt), Kompany, Bridge, Johnson, Barry, Vieira, De Jong, Bellamy, Tevez"
#mcfc - Adbebayor on the bench v #arsenal. Vieira and Toure start
Ade laughs and claps when booed by #arsenal fans. Press box have a laugh at Ade's pig-tails. Nice of him to sport a comedy haircut today.
Someone has a banner tha reads 'vote Eboue on May 6' at the Emirates. Probably a better bet than the rest #arsenal
#arsenal on top at the mo - #mcfc surprisingly negative with only Tevez as an out-and-out striker
Given hurt after saving Diaby shot - arsenal fans take the break as a chance to let adebayor know what they think of him #adebayorboo
Gunnar Nielsen a Faroe Islands international. I suggest #arsenal should shoot a lot now
Given applauded by #arsenal crowd - nice touch
0-0 - #arsenal had the better of it but lacked a cutting edge. #mcfc disappointing and may regret not being more positive from the start
"Piers Morgan: #Arsenal should sign Torres, Gerrard and Shay Given. Glad to see he lives in the real world then. Idiot."
Arsene Wenger has supposedly told a dutch magazine that he 'finally has the money to buy what he needs' for arsenal...
@DoronSalomon Exactly and I'm sure #arsenal would have liked an emergency loan when all their strikers were injured. #mcfc have a keeper.
"Actually, I'm sure lots of #arsenal fans would have liked an emergency loan for a keeper because they don't seem to rate any of theirs!"
Off to speak to an 'expert' about #arsenal goalkeepers this afternoon. Anything in particular #arsenal fans would like to know?
#Arsenal will have looked at several keepers but one that has been scouted is AZ Alkmaar's Argentine Sergio Romero - would cost about £5mill
Can't say too much about #arsenal keeper chat but lots more praise for Szczesny and interesting insight into Almunia and Fabianksi...
"Arsenal confirm Emirates Cup on July 31 and Sunday August 1. Celtic, AC Milan and Lyon complete the line-up."
#arsenal interested in #blackburn defender phil jones. #arsenal goalkeeper piece in tomorrow's express
#Arsenal keepers: http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/football/view/172122/Bob-hope-for-Arsenal-goalkeepers
#arsenal press conference later this afternoon. Arsene Wenger should be interesting on all the transfer rumours and Arshavin's comments
AW has cast doubt on Eduardo's #arsenal future by saying he will talk to him before the end of the season.
#Arsenal boss AW also angry about Arshavin saying playing for Barcelona would be the pinnacle of his career.
AW confirms #arsenal will confirm a signing before the World Cup. I'm thinking Chamakh
lots of #arsenal fans want more than the three signings aw is saying he will make at max
not too much grief at the possibility of eduardo leaving #arsenal in the summer
interesting #arsenal william gallas news coming much later...
#arsenal face competition for #blackburn defender Phil Jones. #chelsea #mufc #mcfc #liverpool #tottenham and #aston villa all looking too.
#Arsenal boss AW: Gallas must make contract decision by the end of May or we will look for a replacement. More talks planned. Deadline set
The press office at #arsenal is excellent. But #arsenal website story of Arshavin correcting his position re Barca is way off the mark.
#arsenal should stop arshavin spouting off if they are unhappy instead of inventing excuses for him
...as i said though the #arsenal press office are generally excellent and wenger is always a delight to interview
arshavin has his say again - criticises #arsenal medical dept and the club food
arshavin makes some valid points but not sure #arsenal or wenger will be pleased he's gone public again
how many of #arsenal's line up today are good enough for a title push?
"in my humble #arsenal need a keeper, two centre backs, a midfielder and striker - that's five. wenger thinks three"
"#arsenal players who should start first game of next season: vermaelen, gallas if stays, gibbs, cesc, song, walcott, van persie, maybe arsh"
diaby can be great but doesn't provide drive for #arsenal on consistent basis
maybe a small clue on what wenger is thinking on #arsenal keepers. szczesny offered to champ clubs on loan for next season
"So Chamakh confirms the news we already knew for about the past year - he's coming to #Arsenal. Also, Wenger hints he may buy from the PL"
#arsenal round-up: http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/173464/Arsenal-move-for-Marouane-Chamakh
"Almunia still out for #arsenal, so it's either Fabianski or Mannone against #fulham..."
wenger cancels #arsenal press conference after losing his voice. No wenger opinion on #tottenham then...
Wenger may have no voice but remains bullish about the job he's doing at #arsenal
wenger says #arsenal fans should celebrate finishing in top four like #tottenham did
wenger also warns champs league football should not be taken for granted at #arsenal
heard a rumour henri lansbury could be on the #arsenal bench today after completing #watford loan. should know in an hour or so...
lansbury and djourou on bench for #arsenal
as expected #fulham rest all their big hitters against #arsenal today
#arsenal striker robin van persie says #tottenham have to prove themselves over longer period
despite interest and rumours still no firm suggestion fabregas will actually leave #arsenal this summer
Gallas linked to #Tottenham but really can't see it. #Arsenal pay better than Spurs and he would not be assured of 1st-team football at WHL
#arsenal fans won't like the papers tomorrow - fairly serious cesc fabregas news. He's definitely considering his future
We've known cesc and barca like each other for a while. But this is first real te we know he is unsure whether to stay at #arsenal.
Report in spain that #arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas will have meeting on future with Wenger on Tuesday. I'm told no meeting planned as yet
"Just read a blog saying the media hate #arsenal. Nonsense, arsenal treat us brilliantly and they generally get a great press."
#Barcelona now publicly up the stakes in bid for #arsenal's Fabregas. You may all collectively yawn but nervous wait to discover resolution.
Cesc also very keen to avoid saga as he has too much respect for #arsenal so I don't think he will leave everybody hanging for too long...
"@timothydclark Tough question, it is up in the air. I wouldn't put money either way on cesc. But that in itself is worrying for #arsenal."
#Arsenal want £40m for Cesc: http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/176022/Arsenal-to-demand-40m-for-Cesc-Fabregas
Why #Arsenal should grant Cesc his dream: http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/175999/Arsenal-s-Cesc-Fabregas-wants-to-swap-shirts
Barca will not do themselves any favours if they keep talking about #arsenal midfielder Fabregas - they should shut up and do the deal.
Barcelona admit contact with #arsenal on Fabregas but say no official bid. They also say they do not know how long the transfer will take
@RussJefferys Alright mate good to hear from u. Arsenal and Barca are at least £10mill apart which is a big old gap. How are wedding plans?
Cesc's dad says he must be allowed to leave #arsenal asap - this is starting to look like a carefully-orchestrated campaign...
No shock Cesc was respectful in his comments about Arsenal - never any danger of him 'doing and adebayor'
#Arsenal striker Van Persie scored twice against Mexico last night - I have a real feeling he could be one of the stars of the World Cup
Can't see Joe Cole to #arsenal myself but Wenger does like him as a player. He's not what they need in any case
I'm told barca have tried to 'talk' to #Arsenal about cesc twice but have not actually made a bid. #Arsenal should report them now.
@creidy44 There is interest in Cole from #arsenal but I think #tottenham will make a stronger move for him. Wenger is def a fan of Cole
Barca official bid in for Fabregas. I'm told it's still far too low for #Arsenal's liking. Expect this to rumble on
"#arsenal reject barca bid around 30mill but i fear this is the start, rather than the beginning of the saga..."
To #arsenal fans who ask. An enquiry has been made for Joe Cole but club won't offer him more than the £80k a week he's on at #chelsea
Joe Cole released by #chelsea but I really wouldn't expect him to sign for #arsenal. #Tottenham are the club in for him strongest at the mo
#arsenal sign koscielny. Chamakh already done and schwarzer to come. Can't see those three signings changing an awful lot
Not saying #Arsenal's signings aren't good just can't see koscielny being that much better than gallas or chamakh scoring 20 goals.
@quincyjjohnson basically said winning the world cup was for all his arsenal team-mates and staff who have helped him over the years
@schatuk said that winning the world cup was for his arsenal team-mates and staff who have helped him over the years
@OleGunner said winning the World Cup was for his arsenal team-mates and staff who have helped him over the years.
"@thefaults Interesting points, many of which I agree with. However, I still think arsenal need to cope better against phsyical opponents."
@lovenotkate I write about arsenal but am a Villa fan. Wenger's whinging gets on my nerves but I do think they should get more protection.
The Cesc pics of him being forced into a Barca shirt don't look great  but he is clearly uncomfortable. Hope #Arsenal fans don't turn on him
Arsenal #ff @johncrossmirror and @darrenarsenal1
Arsenal really encouraged they can win their Cesc battle after Rosell's latest comments - see tomorrow's Express for full story....
@thefaults He's very goodand he's a keeper Arsenal have watched before. Schwarzer still top target.
"@christopherEvo no worries - i'm simply reporting arsenal are encouraged, which they are!"
Wenger wants cesc talk to stop - not sure it will but arsenal confident he stays
A lot of sympathy around for the fact Eduardo has not fulfilled his potential at Arsenal. Move to Shak would be best for both parties now
"Arsenal would only give Joe Cole 80k and two-year deal, Spurs £65k three years and big signing on, Liverpool 90k four years. Says it all."
Arsenal confirm Clock End returns from the start of this season with a new clock.
at the mo eduardo not due to go to austria cause arsenal expect him to sign for shakhtar
told the correct pic of arsenal striker eduardo is now on website. i might even link the story shortly!
@pauljmason My job is to write about arsenal and I like to think I know what's going on. I'm a Villa fan - don't report on them.
Arsenal now ban vuvuzelas - so that's Tottenaham and Arsenal. How many PL clubs by the end of the week?
overwhelming opinion so far is that wilshere should not be loaned out by arsenal and should get a chance
Arsenal fans don't panic yet - much of what El mundo Deportivo is reporting is speculation about what Barca WANT to happen re Cesc
Blow for arsenal if sol goes to newcastle. They thought they had him
Chamakh scores for arsenal - first of many this season?
Fabregas to face #arsenal fans http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/189672/Cesc-Fabregas-braced-to-face-the-Arsenal-fans
@pjbish no you don't speak for all arsenal fans actually.
@JonnyCarroll1 No - Schwarzer wants Arsenal and Arsenal want him - could help move it along
@rosscoarsenal I think Arsenal photcall is next Thursday
I would like to stress @DarrenArsenal1 is a very good mind of Arsenal info. I was told photocall is next Thursday - same day as members' day
Arsenal out of hat - in Group H
Shakhtar Donetsk in Group H...with Arsenal. Weng will take that
Arsenal have best group of English teams so far. Spurs need to avoid G and A
As pointed out by @rosscoarsenal Arsenal v Shakhtar means reunion with Eduardo
Braga (looked good against Sevilla) in Group H with Arsenal and Shakhtar. Wenger will still be pleased though
"Arsenal, Braga Shakhtar. Man United, Valencia, Rangers. Spurs, Bremen, Inter Milan. Chelsea, Marseille Sparktak Moscow."
"FK Partizan (Belgrade) in Group H. Gorup H Arsenal, Shakhtar, Braga and Partizan."
"@Maniscream Should have followed me - did live updates. Spurs with Inter Milan, Bremen and Twente. Easy for Arsenal. Chels in with Marseille"
Watch for West Ham and Spurs in this transfer window deadline day. Arsenal to get Schwarzer.
@JamieDalton82 still think arsenal will get schwarzer done. Just. Fulham have more targets than just given
Arsenal to confirm theo injury this arvo - his people know nothing of him being out six weeks
"Confirmed: theo thinks he'll be out 4 weeks, arsenal cautious and saying 6. Sprain a bit worse than orginally thought"
"Off to see Arsene in a couple of hours - feels a bit like Groundhog Day with striker injuries. New season, same old Arsenal..."
"Read an article from 1932 by Mrs David Jack, wife of Arsenal's record £10k signing from Bolton. WAG life sounds a bit different back then!"
Arsene enlightening as ever. Good stuff on Jack WIlshere and the Arsenal keeper debate. Sorry can't link it until tomorrow morning.
Wenger says he will not feel sorry for any player playing for arsenal - says almunia will deal with it
Clichy. Diaby rested for arsenal. Gibbs plays
"Arsenal: almunia, eboue, koscielny, squillaci, gibbs, fabregas, song, wilshere, rosicky, chamakh, arshavin"
A sheep scores arsenal's 1000th pl goal under wenger. Double baa
Good win for arsenal but a better team may have caused them probs. Jury out on new defence.
I take the point that Arsenal rested defenders today but I am not convinced by Koscielny - how good was Fabregas though? He can never leave
@TheGoonerholic Can't see Diaby playing v Braga - hard to know how to stop the fouls on Arsenal players when they move the ball so quickly
"@OneDanPowell 'you lot' Who's that then? Press? If you mean Arsenal fans, then I support Villa. This is not an Arsenal story..."
@DoronSalomon Wenger saying it doesn't have to be. You might disagree but interesting debate and it's not just about Arsenal
@AndyElche Thanks Andy - should be some decent Arsenal pieces in tomorrow's newspapers.
"Spurs press conf to preview Arsenal game this morning. Arsenal not doing one - Spurs or no Spurs, Wenger not bothered about the Carling Cup"
Do Spurs and Arsenal fans care too much aboit tomorrow's derby? Both managers could both do without it...
"In my mini poll Arsenal fans don;t seem to be too bothered about tomorrow night, Spurs supporters strangely quiet..."
Just been at Spurs - they will field weakened side but those at the club still really want to put one over Arsenal. Even in Carling Cup
@DarrenArsenal1 Gallas won't be playing - Tottenham to rest as many as Arsenal
@roxym2kThat's unfair - @johncrossmirror is an excellent reporter and has definitely never made anything up. Nobody better on Arsenal.
Quality - Wierd Twitter black out. Wenger in the White Hart Lane stands tongiht but Harry might get a shock when he sees the Arsenal team...
Some members of press room shocked by strength of arsenal team
First thing Wenger did in p conf was dedicate Spurs win to Jack Chester. He helped Arsenal raise funds for Teenage Cancer Trust but died.
Kieran Gibbs' foot not broken - relief for Arsenal who last night seemed pretty sure it was
Anyone watching arsenal fans forum show tonight ring in and ask @johncrossmirror why he's not wearing his pink shirt
Diaby and eboue in for arsenal today. Wilshere on the bench
Get the feeling arsenal thought this would be easy. So far it isn't
Arsenal still in this but almunia has had a total 'mare.
No Arsenal player would speak after today's defeat. No leaders on the pitch today and none off it. Harsh but true.
@rosscoarsenal Cesc wasn't on the pitch. Today Arsenal had no leaders on the pitch and nobody who played was prepared to stand up aftewards
@Jhomsie What about your stadn-in captain or any number of the internationals in the team. It's poor and un-Arsenal-like
I would like to point out the Arsenal press office did try to convince a player to talk. This was a player silence and not a club silence
@vdjumpah That's because I don't cover Manchester United and I expect better of Arsenal
"Lampard out for 2 more weeks - misses Arsenal game and England game. With Milner suspended, gives Capello a dilemma"
"Gignac off for Marseille - hasn't looked very good, no wonder Arsenal decided against him. Good decision."
Arsenal fans watch goal 4 - we were doing it a long time before you!!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1dM49e7Dz4
@IanJamesPoulter Will you wear anything to show your support for Arsenal against on final day of singles? Lucky socks?
I've heard a whisper that @matt_barlow_dm is doing the Arsenal fans forum tonight. Try to get him to show his black and orange adidas. Ace
"Ian poulter 'I will deliver a point'. Very confident, hope he's more reliable than his football team. #rydercup #arsenal"
I accept responsibility for jinxing Westwood today. The #Arsenal fans who can't take some gentle ribbing should lighten up.
"Stuart Pearce will want Jack Wilshere at the Euro Under-21s, just as he did Theo. Arsenal don't want him to play for Under-21s and seniors"
"#Arsenal Koscielny out, Cesc not fit but Bendtner and Theo back. Vermaelen still no nearer and Van Perise could be another four weeks."
"Expected Arsenal line-up tomorrow: Fabianksi, Eboue, Djourou, Squillaci, Clichy, Song, Wilshere, Nasri, Rosicky, Arshavin, Chamakh"
Worst journey to arsenal. Ever.
Cesc is full training for arsenal today - pires turned up late but still allowed to train with rest of squad
Eduardo says he won't celebrate if he scores v arsenal #havemystoriesforfree
If you're already a couple of goals up would #arsenal fans stand to applaud an eduardo goal tonight?
@aindie2009 arsenal to win 3-1 - hope eduardo scores
Good of sky to use the audio of me asking eduardo if he would celebrate v arsenal. Thanks sky
Cesc starts for arsenal v shakhtar. Eduardo starts on bench for shakhtar
Off to arsenal agm this morning. Peter hill-wood always worth turning up for
See @johncrossmirror on Arsenal TV Online tonight - he's dressed in his best pink shirt. But has sensationally snubbed the pink tie combo
Corley services on way to manc for city arsenal. Seen lots of arsenal fans on the way
Nasri 1-2 with Arshavin and scores. Great goal. 1-0 Arsenal
Finished up at city. Arsenal ruthless. How good is nasri at the mo?
Thought arsenal did a job on silva. Kicked him a few times and he disappeared
"Some arsenal fans make me laugh. Accept you at least gave as good as you got today. That's a good thing, showed grit"
Thought chamakh lead the line really well for #arsenal today.
"Manchester evening news report on city v arsenal - 'steeped in skill, forged in steel and ruined by the rules'"
"@Arsenal_myview gibbs, wilshere, theo. They will all be big players for arsenal. Debate over."
No arsenal press conference ahead of newcastle game 'because it's the carling cup'....
Obviously i'm biased but there should be arsenal press conferences ahead of c cup - even if it's a player instead of le boss
"As expected strong arsenal team: rosicky, theo, nb, koscielny and gibbs start"
GK og off the back of his head - Arsenal 1 up. Harsh on Krul
Great finish by theo but bendtner defo fouled the newcastle man arsenal 2-0
Cesc coming on for arsenal
Great finish by Bendtner Arsenal 3-0
Nice one Theo. Arsenal 4-0
Carling Cup is Arsenal's IF they really want it this season
"@JeromeCaminada As I said, just my opinion. Means more to Arsenal right now"
Made tough work of that Villa - not sure about the old no striker formation. Through though and just want to avoid United and Arsenal.
Guus Hiddink has just arrived at Arsenal's London Colney training ground...
Wilshere on verge of signing new 5year arsenal contract. See sat daily express for full story.
@jack_wilshere to sign new 5year Arsenal contract http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/208465/Arsenal-s-Jack-Wilshere-set-for-new-deal
Massive goals for chelsea and arsenal. City haven't quite developed that skill yet. No doubt they will though
"As we predicted on sat, wilshere signs new arsenal contract"
"Uh oh, major traffic probs on m25 which could bugger my journey to colney for arsenal presser and trip to donetsk"
"Arshavin, fabregas, song and denilson not made journey to donetsk with #arsenal. All minor knocks"
Diaby not travelled #arsenal
Diaby still struggling with ankle injury so not in donetsk #arsenal
It has always been disputed by arsenal how much comolli was involved in getting certain players. Henry was certainly all about wenger
More comolli - legend has it that at #arsenal he didn't fancy ruud van nistelrooy and refused to watch him more than once
Theo's on fire but Arsenal are rocking a bit after going ahead
Silly old Arsenal.
Waiting in airport with arsenal fans who remain upbeat. Fairly confident i have lucked the legroom seat again. Super duper
"This is a bitof a rubbish 2000th tweet, but @jackwilshere says Liam Brady is his role model on #arsenal website"
It was a very rubbish 2000th tweet because I linked the wrong Jack Wilshere! @Jack_Wilshere says Liam Brady is his role model on Arsenal web
#Arsenal Van Persie row with Dutch http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/209669/Holland-s-manager-stirs-up-row-over-Van-Persie-selection
Looking forward to #arsenal game tomorrow. Hope #newcastle have a go but expect a home win by a couple of goals.
"#arsenal's strongest bench for some time: arsh, vp, rosicky, bendtner, djourou, eboue, szczesny"
Arshavin coming on for #arsenal
I think chanmakh has generally started well for #arsenal but carroll was far more effective than him at both ends today.
No Arsenal press conference pre-Wolves. Boo
"Arsenal submit appeal against Koscielny red card on grounds of wrongful dismissal. If they win, he will be able to play v Wolves and Everton"
"@THBNtweets yep, unfortunately i'm watching your mob or arsenal every week!!"
C'mon arsenal fans show some humility. Stop banging on about henry and wolves' past tackles and admit mick acted superbly.
@DTguardian redknapp handed over to bond this week and arsenal did no pre-wolves. Becoming an increasingly worrying trend
Szczesny signs long-term contract at arsenal. Clichy and nasri next
Had e-mail and after no pre-wolves press conference #arsenal and wenger are doing a pre-everton press conference tomorrow. Hurrah
Non journo #ff - two arsenal fans who know their stuff @DarrenArsenal1 @JamieDalton82
Chris hughton's daughter working for sky at arsenal presser today. Weird
Bendtner: play me or i'll leave. Arsene says prove your confidence on the pitch. Interesting to see how this plays out #arsenal
"@JamieDalton82 Paul McGrath, im my lifetime, is Villa's but I wouldn;t expect Arsenal to sign him next week!"
"@mic_flair I've seen it, but a team with Theo, Nasri, Arshavin and Rosicky hardly need A Young as well. He's an Arsenal fan though"
I'm on arsenal tv online fans forum tomorrow night - does anyone actually ever watch it or will i be talking to 3 men in their pants?
"Arsenal press officer to me: 'hi matt, i like your shirt.' I win"
#ff an arsenal blogger and fan who liberally uses the word 'twat' @natashashenry
Message to 3 men in their pants: i'm leaving the house to go and do arsenal tv online fans forum. See all 3 of you at 8.15. Should be fun
"Nasri beats gomes to ball and scores from tight angle. Great by nas, terrible from gomes 1-0 arsenal"
Arsenal could win this by a few at this rate. Spurs keep giving the ball away and their defence are terrible at the moment. Look overrawed
Bentley responds to Arsenal crowd jeering him. The guy really is one of the biggest idiots in football
Didn;t see that coming. Silly by Arsenal but game on
Crouch on Theo coming on for Arsenal.
This is mad. Arsenal completely chucked it away. Credit to Spurs
Arsenal fans have given up and are leaving.
Disappointed with wenger explanation of arsenal defeat today. All winners are bad losers but he is especially bad. Harry buoyant
It appears arsenal fans can't read the words 'non-arsenal'!
Adebayor would be a great signing for Spurs. Harry would put his arm round his shoulder and get him playing. Arsenal fans will may disagree!
That is a disaster for arsenal. I sense a busy day tomorrow
"Rvp should be okay for arsenal for the weekend. Had pre-planned injection today, no major setback"
Sat in starbucks ahead of arsenal press conf listening to xmas music. Kill me
No @johncrossmirror at arsenal today so will do my best to tweet injury news. I often forget though so sorry in advance!
"As in today's daily express, wenger admits arsenal will have to manage cesc's fitness from now on and be more careful. Hammy is 2 weeks"
Told @WEDITSJET will prob stay at Arsenal after possible loan move to Crystal Palace didn't happen
Catch @johncrossmirror on the last ever arsenal tv online fans forum tonight. Watch out for his shirt - it will be a shocker.
He once wore a shirt so bad that the arsenal press officer and several football agents took the piss out of him - he's never worn it again!
Any screen pics of @johncrossmirror on arsenal tv online fans' forum?
@DarrenArsenal1 spurs v liverpool on sun. Shall be viewing vill v arsenal on telly
@akshay_gooner fair play to @johncrossmirror for almost wearing villa colours though on eve of villa v arsenal game. Good facial expression!
"@Gunnerian in all seriousness there is no better fleet st journo, including me, than @johncrossmirror when it comes to arsenal."
Looks like the Arsenal fans have come out in support of the shirt worn by @johncrossmirror - no taste. Villa and Spurs fans have let me down
people wondering why i wasn't loving arsenal's first half perf yesterday - i'm a villa fan and i was watching through villa specs on day off
"@richthemaster yes, same old arsenal really - great going forward but far too open when should have closed game out."
"No arsenal or west ham carling cup press conferences so only london press conf today is wigan, who are staying in hertfordshire"
Could really do with snow stopping and arsenal game going ahead. Villa can be anowed off tomorrow though - it will do us a favour
"Team to play Wigan: Szczesny, Eboue, Koscielny, Djourou, Gibbs, Denilson, Wilshere, Walcott, Bendtner, Van Persie (c), Vela #Arsenal"
No Almunia on the arsenal bench - James Shea instead
@DarrenArsenal1 thanks mate - let's have a villa-arsenal final
"C'mon arsenal, draw birmingham for me and put them back in their box"
No @johncrossmirror at arsenal today do i'll try to fill in with unembargoed team news for mr quick fingers himself
"Wenger reveals vermaelen in protective boot, fab could be two more weeks, almunia out and diaby still out #arsenal"
@littlemsgooner i'm afraid he seems extremely happy and settled at chelsea. Arsenal could have got him years and years ago....
"Also, wenger admits arsenal are lucky to still be in the title race having lost three home games this season"
Just met @10akhil at arsenal who tells me he'll take 'any win' i reckon arsenal 3-0 today. Vp to come on and get a goal
"Van persie getting ready to come on, arsenal on top but still nervous"
Theo on to clinch it for arsenal or will fulham sub a johnson be the hero?
Arsenal's Song and dance act http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/215707/Arsenal-2-Fulham-1-Song-and-dance-act-suits-Arsene-Wenger
I could swear i wrote in saturday's express that arsenal sources had confirmed vermaelen would def not play again this year. #justsayinglike
Off to arsenal press conference and training this morning. A win and only a win will do tomorrow night
Arsahvin has said arsenal have tried to improve their defending but can't so must simply score more than they concede...
"Arshavin also says arsenal have no chance of finishing top of group h tonight so must face prospect of drawing barca, real or b munich"
Arshavin: Arsenal cant defend - simples http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/216164/Andrey-Arshavin-s-backlash
Arsenal like it tough http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/216150/Now-Arsene-Wenger-has-to-paper-over-cracks-
"@johncrossmirror @matt_barlow_DM @laptopmirror oui to crossy bash, not sure on FA at the mo. Crossy excited by Arsenal vouchers"
I'm on the new Arsenal fans' forum tomorrow night at 6pm - desperately trying not to blow embargoes! http://www.arsenal.com/newfridaynight
Arsenal still confident they will eventually get a work permit for Wellington Silva on appeal. Legs to this one...
Just waiting to go on new look arsenal fans' forum - please ring in but go easy on me as i'm full of cold and am bravely battling through
Enjoyed arsenal fans forum tonight. New format good and took some really good calls - chamakh or van persie for united game was a big debate
"Off for two weeks - see you at arsenal, chelsea"
Encouraging noises around that cesc will be fit enough to at least make bench for #arsenal tonight but final decsision still yet to be made
Those asking whether szczes will play for arsenal tonight should ask @CharlieWyett - he broke story szczes could be in and i'm off today!
Well done @CharlieWyett for szczesny story today - as thought cesc on the subs bench for #arsenal tonight
I'd go fab on for wilshere and theo on for rosicky for #arsenal. United done great job on nasri so far and bossing centre of midfield
"I've been a big critic but thought koscielny was arsenal's best player tonight, maybe a turning point for him. V good szczesny debut too"
"So disappointing from arshavin, nasri, rosicky, vp and cham tonight - #arsenal need big players to put in big performances in big games"
I wish wenger had said 'we had a big chance to come here and lay a marker and i'm disappointed we didn't grasp it'. Arsenal were flat
"On a different subject @Benik_Afobe seems a very intelligent, nice young man who hopefully has big future for #arsenal and #england"
Who did arsenal fans' forum tonight - other than tom watt?
Merry christmas and happy new year to everyone. Back to work on the 27th for arsenal v chelsea - well rested a ready to go. Thanks for #ffs
Thanks again for all novel recs - now have a list as long as my arm to send @Mrsfifilaw out with. Arsenal v chelsea for me later...
Arsenal and chelsea to both win tonight but i think wenger has got his team selection wrong. Sure he's not bothered by what i think!
Gonna do a big new year #ff session later - just rattling through arsenal and spurs!
"Nice one arsenal, nice one"
Can understand arsenal taunts of boring boring city but is it really that bad that a team who got battered managed to hold on for a point?
City played pretty well in thrashing my shower so not always boring. Arsenal were superb in first half last night
"arsenal had enough chances, they could have won comfortbaly with better finishing/more luck. We already knew arsenal are better to watch"
"If arsenal go to barcelona in champs league, park the bus and get a 0-0 then arsenal fans will be very happy."
"Right i've got arsenal fans, man city fans and now myself angry so off to the cooler!"
"No arsenal appeal on sagna. Out of leeds, ipswich, west ham"
Arsenal have offered samir nasri anew 5 year contract. Link later
The man with the best trainers in journalism on arsenal fans forum tonight @Matt_Barlow_DM - i've forgiven him for calling me a moron!
In the know arsenal fans @DarrenArsenal1 @JamieDalton82 @10akhil
Theirry henry is training with arsenal until january 19 after turning down loan offers from rival premier league clubs. #arsenal
Before anyone asks told 'no chance' of henry playing for arsenal while he trains with them. There to get fit and will help strikers.
Henry back at Arsenal http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/222205/Thierry-Henry-boosts-Gunners-
@YoungGunsBlog united and liverpool already linked to him - prob arsenal now too!
"Villa reserves 10, arsenal reserves 1. Play them v brum, certainly can't be worse than the first team at the mo!"
Beckham trains with Spurs and filmed live on SSN. Henry trains with Arsenal and not a pic of him in Arsenal kit on the website. Just saying.
"Dancing lady next to me very pleased and so she should be. Ipswich showing plenty of spirit, Arsenal not showing much of anything"
Wenger will say different but Arsenal took this one for granted.
"Also, west ham have shown an interest in sol campbell. Could be a straight replacement for upson if arsenal try to take hime back"
Breaking news - i'm on arsenal online fans' forum tomorrow night. Forget babestation or sky sports news!
"West ham will sell upson to 'sensible' offer. Arsenal want him on the cheap, sunderland interested too"
I'm on arsenal.com fans' forum in less than two hours. Fact
Good arsenal fans' forum tonight. Enjoyed calls and e-mails. Turned phone on to some very bizarre villa rumours which i'm v sceptical about
Arsenal leading chase for saints kid chamberlain but don't want to loan him back for the rest of the season
@DarrenArsenal1 agree - changes are totally understandable. Will be v tough game i think. Narrow arsenal win
@aindie2009 yeah it's true. Not sure on likelihood as arsenal dont want to pay too much for him
I'm told oxlade-chamberlain has agreed to join arsenal - only question left is if he moves this month or in the summer. Rejected liverpool.
Oxlade-chamberlain would rather play out season with saints and join arsenal in summer. Clubs haggling over that
@thefaults respect them all and all very knowledgable about arsenal
Can i make it clear that i support neither arsenal or saints so i really don't care where chamb plays. Just tweeting info from 3 sources
Mail on sunday seems to agree with me and @johncrossmirror about oxlade-chamberlain deciding to join arsenal
"When I told Wenger my I had been told Chamberlain has decided to join Arsenal, this is how he replied....."
Expect Chamberlain to join Arsenal for £5m plus £5m add ons and be loaned back to Southampton
To those asking/worrying still assured oxo chamberlain wants to join arsenal but them and saints qubbling over structure of payments
@arsenal4ever2 i'm convinced he wants to join arsenal. Worried that saints trying to start an auction
@YoungGunsBlog treat entire story with care - arsenal say they know nothing about it
In the Arsenal press room watching Muzza. Arsene Wenger can be late today.
Omar ba ba on Arsenal fans' forum tonight. Quite a coup wouldn't you agree? @jimvanwijkPA
Can everyone who watches Arsenal fans' forum tonight please tweet me and @jimvanwijkPA to say whether he does look like omar ba ba? Thanks
Former arsenal midfielder edu has been training with west ham. He's 32 and has no club.
"@LordPrateek should be much clearer at the end of this weekend. Nothing really changed, he wants to join arsenal but clubs need to agree"
Still can't understand why arsenal v huddersfield is on tv tomorrow.
"Uh oh, pulled hammy is three weeks and arsenal play barca in two-and-a-half. Nasri out?"
Arsenal and southampton still talking over oxo chambo about move either now or in summer. Utd interested but told arsenal more likely
Heard arsenal bid for oxo chambo was 5mill plus 3 in add ons. Saints want far more up front and deal reaching 10.
Would make sense for arsenal to wait until summer for oxo - as long as utd don't come in with acceptable bid this arvo
"Just spoken to someone at arsenal. As expected, think it will be a quiet evening for me."
"@MatthewLeGod no, i reported oxo wants to join arsenal which his dad then repeated on sky and he put on facebook!"
Don't thing bartley loan to rangers means anything except bartley loan to rangers if you get my drift arsenal fans?
@a_w_clasby reported he wants to join arsenal and his dad backed it up. Well done to saints for keeping hold of him till end of season
"In other arsenal news, Song set to miss Newcastle game but Theo is fit - no prob with his ankle."
"C'mon Arsenal fans, stop being paranoid. There is no Cesc witch-hunt, simply reporting that he's upsetting a lot of people recently."
"RT @goonerjon777 witch hunt wanting to drive cesc away, arsenal may win things, you are all scared - Do you take a lot of drugs? V paranoid."
"@oliverhj84 I report on Arsenal, not Man Utd."
Full Roo story for paranoid Arsenal fans http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/179758/Wayne-Rooney-warned-over-his-F-word-rant
Hands up those paranoid Arsenal fans who took too many drugs in their younger years....#stayoffthedrugskids
@ColmMac84 anti arsenal journo?! A bloke from the fa even accused me of being an arsenal fan yesterday!
I actually wish i was on arsenal.com fans' forum tomorrow night but sadly i'm not.
@cammonbear i did my job and suggested some arsenal fans are former drug addicts. The 2nd part was a joke despite what a swedish man says
wish i actually had seriously called arsenal fans crackheads and junkies.At least that would be something 2 really get pissed off with me 4.
Breaking news: @johncrossmirror on arsenal fans' forum tomorrow.
Arsenal presser was today so gonna go and see avram tomorrow and wish him good luck for their revenge match against the noses on sunday.
#ff @JamieDalton82 @10akhil @DarrenArsenal1 proper arsenal nuts
Oh. My. God. Arsenal
@SunSteveBrenner out of interest please tweet whether an arsenal player agrees to speak afterwards...
Did i say the ref had a great game? No. But that arsenal collapse still wouldn't have happened with a proper leader on the pitch.
"@Sawyer_Arsenal judging by that response, you're the moron"
All the people slagging me off name me a 'real' leader in that arsenal team? Not a great player or a great bloke or a tackler. A leader...
@goldenbhoy29 did i say that? But can arsenal control inept refereeing?
Who's going to be in that arsenal dressing room now making sure that never happens again? I bet it's head down and silence.
@mjl thought barton should have gone but arsenal should still have won
I am getting an awful lot of sensible replies from arsenal fans. Too many to retweet. It's the idiotic few who i highlighted
Any villa fans fancy a chat? We defo lack leaders and need a good shake. Should have won today. Didn't see game as watching arsenal feed
Arsenal reflections after watching again on MOTD...
Arsenal fans right to point out a bad challenge from barton on arsahvin not shown on Motd
"@10akhil i'm in minority but didn't think barton challenge on diaby was THAT bad. Re leaders, arsenal could do with some"
I think i can guess the arsenal opinion of neil barnett now
Djourou having tests tomorrow on his injury. #arsenal will be hoping for the best. No firm news yet
I did the interview with bendtner and didn't write up stuff on arsenal future...
I think he will ultimately leave but he would def stay and play for arsenal every week. I actually like him
"Eriken looking good - looks a lot like an arsenal player, prob too expensive for them though"
Can I start a campaign to have the arsenal scoreboard count up instead of down? Sure @MarkGonnella will agree.....
Voted for arsenal in the club hospitity awards today. Surely no contest?
@greavesmouse actually @Mrsfifilaw and @sammylambypie were while i wrote my arsenal match report. Is the fighter worth seeing?
Did interview with @jack_wilshere on sat and he agrees arsenal must get in the faces of barca and be a bity nasty. Looked very focussed
Good news arsenal fans - nasri trained yesterday and all went well. As long as no setback today he'll be in squad and could even start
"To summarise, barca will always be bitter arsenal did the best bit of business of the last decade and nicked cesc. #afc"
I just think laporta's words sum up the bitterness barca will always feel towards arsenal over cesc. They know they blundered massively
"Can you imagine the stick we'd give arsenal, utd, city or chelsea if they let a kid leave for free and then tried to buy him back 4 50mill?"
"@LooseCannon01 500,000 is daylight robbery for cesc! And how arsenal should celebrate that!"
Right off to arsenal training to see nasri dance around london colney and prove he's ready to take on barca! Hope arsene's in a good mood
Difference between ronaldo and cesc is that arsenal got cesc out of one of the biggest clubs in the world. Ronaldo didn't join utd from real
Injury crisis? Where are all the #arsenal players? http://yfrog.com/hskjurrj
Pep and iniesta both fairly dull tonight. Arsenal win the day of press conferences. Easily
Hadn't realised b4 today that barca have never won an away game in cl knockout stages under guardiola. Got a feeling for arsenal tomorrow
Wenger also says no point arsenal changing their style: if we hit long balls and do long throws then we have less chance. We are arsenal
"Arsenal probable: szczesny; eboue, djourou, koscielny, clichy; song, wilshere; walcott, fabregas, nasri; van persie"
My Arsenal Barca preview http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/229345/Arsenal-v-Barcelona-Arsene-Wenger-will-stick-to-guns
There's a rumour i'm on arsenal fans' forum on friday night. I will confirm or deny it later in the week
Interesting Barca journo does not think they are keeping the ball very well....Arsenal defo still in this though.
I thought arsenal lacked a leader at newcastle but entire team took responsibility tonight
"So, the rumour is true. I is arsenal fans' forum tomorrow. Brrrapp"
Just finished writing loooaaaadsss of arsenal for tomorrow's paper too. It's an arselona fest
Arsenal going four it (see what I did there?) http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/229762/Arsenal-go-four-it
#ff the only person at arsenal today @laura_mail
About to leave for arsenal fans' forum. Once again i will put @johncrossmirror to shame in the shirt stakes. Had a haircut as well
Really enjoyed arsenal fans forum tonight. Got loads of calls from fans and that's what makes the show. Keep calling in every week
@joeearley arsenal fan's forum!
@joeearley it's all about arsenal!
"Arsenal team v orient; almunia, sagna, miquel, squillaci, gibbs, song, denilson, rosicky (capt) bendtner, chamakh, arshavin"
@TC_Gooner told v strong arsenal bench
I got team right but captain wrong. Almunia has the armband #arsenal
"Arsenal bench: fab, koscielny, nasri, wilshere, clichy, eboue, szczesny"
"Right, which of those arsenal players should be shipped out in the summer then....?"
@Gunnerian yep but that's not an argument as to whether he's good enough for arsenal
"Only constant of players arsenal fans think should be sold is almunia. Otherwise, everyone suggesting different names..."
@Dav_Man i am but not many villa fans follow me and i watch arsenal every week for work. Would happily have a villa chat
@SamiSteinbock three to four weeks i heard. Prob miss arsenal though
"Do Arsenal fans who want AW to cancel press conferences still want journos to tweet Arse news, injury updates and reply to their questions?"
"Judging by Arsenal website's promotion of fake player twitter accounts, I would think newspapers still have a role to report on the club."
Theo walcott fit for arsenal game v stoke tomorrow night. No prob with hamstring that kept him out of orient game
"@JeromeCaminada no worries, I've called Arsenal fans paranoid for less - and then got abused for it!"
"@Coggy1971 it's actually the opposit of lazy. I could have just nicked quotes off arsenal, stoke and beeb website but instead got a story"
@jamestwknowles 745 k/o and arsenal certainly need to focus on winning game and closing utd gap rather than focussing on shawcross
Arsenal's injury worries http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/230912/Final-agony-for-Arsenal-boss-Arsene-Wenger
Arsenal fans don't expect toral to be a tippy-tappy xavi or iniesta clone. I'm told he's far more robust and more traditionally english.
Off to carling cup final press conference at arsenal today where i believe i'll be speaking to arsene wenger and bacary sagna.
#ff arsenal fans this weekend @IanTaylor7 @avfccentral @MatKendrick @paullovesbeer @avfcbuzztap @Villa_Insider
Seems first cesc new that he wouldn't be playing in carling cup final was through arsenal.com - that is stretching the power of club web!
Cesc could still lift trophy if arsenal win on sunday. He is still going on sun and option of him lifting trophy has been discussed
Arsenal Carling Cup final preview http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/231320/Now-Arsene-Wenger-would-settle-for-any-old-silver-lining
@IanTaylor7 villa got to win as your first game as ambassador today. Got the arsenal shirt ready for tomorrow?
Told Arsenal request has gone in to League for Cesc to lift the trophy tomorrow if Arsenal win and if he so wishes
Feel for all the arsenal fans and szczesny but bigger battles are around the corner.
Jack wilshere's tweet shows the arsenal players are still dwelling on blues defeat. Need to move on now and forget everything about it
"What team would arsenal fans play v orient on weds. I'd go: sczces; sagna, kos, squill, gibbs; den, diaby; eboue, rosicky, bendtner; cham"
No arsenal press conf today but that was decided b4 carling cup final defeat so club not being bad losers - aw just cant be bothered again!
Van persie has knee ligament damage. I've been told out closer to six weeks rather than three. #arsenal
@stew_arts arsenal v orient later for me and just finished off some boring accounting. You having a busy day?
@IlianAngelov think last night will give arsenal a real lift again. They are capable of winning a cup its just if they can get over the line
@sammylambypie i'm at arsenal working so seperate towns
"Song out, fab 90 per cent certain to make it #arsenal"
"On plane ready for Barcelona. Law, cross, wyett all fit. Big boost for #arsenal"
"Rvp stepped up his #arsenal training today. Yes, yes, i know i said six weeks. No word on whether he's be back any sooner yet"
"Van perise added to arsenal cl squad at last minute. Massive, massive surprise"
Van persie would not travel if he was injured - arsenal players never travel to european games if they are not under consideration
Busquets to play in defence v arsenal with mascherano coming in as holding midfielder
Pep says of wilshere; it is good for him arsenal have time and no pressure to win titles quickly. We have players like him in the 2nd team
The van persie gamble http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/233262 #arsenal
My Barca v Arsenal preview http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/233256/Arsene-Wenger-says-Arsenal-s-only-chance-is-to-attack
Can already hear arsenal fans singing nasri song
"Teams out, flag saying catalonia is not spain out, music on. #barca v #arsenal. Really hope #arsenal do it"
That van persie sending off was one of the most ridiculous i've ever seen. That wasn't the only reason for #arsenal defeat but big issue
"#arsenal good games: almunia, djourou, koscielny, despite pen, and wilshere."
"#arsenal bad games; vp (not fit), cesc (not fit), both full backs, diaby, rosicky"
@iamsleazebag watch the first half again - he saved #arsenal at least twice
On plane now - arsenal fans i've bumped into seem philosophical. Disappointed arsenal didnt use brief moments of possession better
My Barca v Arsenal match report http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/233490/Barcelona-3-Arsenal-1-Lionel-Messi-sinks-Arsenal
"As part of my new policy of not spending entire day on twitter, I'm off now. Will leave #arsenal press conf updates to @johncrossmirror"
#ff top arsenal fans @RussJefferys @DarrenArsenal1 @JamieDalton82 @ladyarse @10akhil
Where's that fella who was killing me saying i hate arsenal and tweeting szczes about me? They never pipe up when u say something positive.
"Arsenal look a bit one-pcaed when theo not in team. I'd get in another speed king in summer, even if he's essentially a squad player"
Arsenal have checked with premier league they can sign a free agent and are in talks with lehmann. Should be done for wba game
Lehmann quote: 'Arsenal currently have a goalkeeping crisis and i jumped at the chance to help them.'
Arsenal injury news - fabregas and walcott both unlikely to be ready for wba and struggling for spain and england too
"Are there any arsenal players not on twitter? Surely the best-represented PL club on here. Not sure that is a good thing, mind"
Going to ask wenger if arsenal can complete the single. Who needs trebles and quadruples?!
Amazing how many journos who must have been at arsenal to tweet the team news - it didn't seem very busy here!
Club' being arsenal of course
I don't think arsenal will appeal one-gam bans for wenger and nasri. But i do think tottenham will rightly appeals jordan's
Just pulled into emirates for #arsenal fans' forum - ring in from six. Expecting a spikey one!
Arsenal win today with cesc and theo due back after internationals will have evryone believing. Anything but a win and i think it's curtains
"I'm talking about villa, not arsenal. Still think arsenal will win"
By the way i'm in west london cause i'm covering chelsea man city today. Stayed out arsenal debate cause yet to see highlights
Interviewed jack wilshere and scott parker yesterday - both great credits to their clubs and country. They would b great together at arsenal
@Sawyer_Arsenal @Matt_Barlow_DM tells me vuvuzelas are banned and there announcements outside Wembley asking for fans not to bring them in
Really admire the Arsenal tributes to David Rocastle. People sometimes ask why I refer to Arsenal as being classy. This is a great example.
My paper didn't think this was worth using today but theo walcott has told arsene wenger to start him 4 arsenal tomorrow...
"@jack_wilshere it's after midday...which means you do have to leave arsenal and join villa on a free transfer. Sorry, thems the rules"
I hear a rumour @GuardianJamieJ is on arsenal fans' forum tonight. He loves a sex-themed slogan t-shirt
@Sawyer_Arsenal i've made it v clear before - i don't think wilshere should go to the u21s
"Sorry arsenal and west ham fans, i have to support manchester united today. #villarelegationnotanoption"
Amazed at arsenal fans ironically cheering almunia - do you actually want him to drop the ball into the net?
Nearly time for two up top - only need one holding midfielder. Get chamakh on #arsenal
Can i stress what the arsenal website put up straight after games from wenger is a different interview from the one the papers do later on
@avaehe th job dictates i mainly cover arsenal. Watch them nearly every week
That's my last bit of Arsenal for a few days - making a reverse-Sol switch to Spurs for their Champions League game in Madrid.
"Spoke to adebayor after the game last night. I understand arsenal fans' issue with him but always found him polite, well-spoken and friendly"
"Could resist a bit of super furries 'hello sunshine' on my way into arsenal training ground today.. 'I'm a mingerrrr, you're a minger too..'"
Any arsenal fans who want info on their new signing carl jenkinson should follow 'mr charlton' himself @greavesmouse - then unfollow again!
An actual celeb on arsenal fans' forum tonight - the actual brother of wolf from gladiators. If you dont believe me ring in and ask him
Everyone should greet @jimvanwijkPA on arsenal fans' forum tonight with an 'awooga'. Brother of wolf from gladiators
@ashburton_grove Like a shot. Would you as an Arsenal fan?
@ashburton_grove Said all along that when Wenger leaves Arsenal will no longer be guaranteed top four - not to start with anyway
@cjor1172 yes he did really say that otherwise expect me to be banned from arsenal for making up quotes
I'm struggling to think of another club who have had thier first four keepers injured at the same time #arsenal
For villa reasons i'm very much supporting arsenal
Arsenal. Villa. Masters. Sun is overrated anyway
"Generally much better perf from arsenal. Fabregas at his best, diaby better and vp looking sharp. Is jens number 1 for liverpool game?"
"Arsenal news ruined last 15 mins of villa for me but good result and much needed, if not convincing"
@Gingers4Limpar in all seriousness @johncrossmirror is no1 journo for arsenal. Knows and understands the club like none of the rest of us
Written lots of arsenal today - saved thoughts and info for the paper. #radical
Arsenal's fight club http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/240198/Arsenal-s-fight-club
Never met or spoken to danny fiszman but always sad when somebody dies. Sure he will be well remembered for a long time at arsenal
"As expected Szczesny likely to return with Djourou against Liverpool for Arsenal on Sunday. If fit, both must start #afc @AllBabble"
@Andrew_Bone as in arsenal have most definitely invited red bulls and are confident it will happen. Not quite signed and sealed. Tsk tsk
I have taken home the bags of @johncrossmirror today because he's running the marathon and then going straight to arsenal-liverpool. Mad
Morale dilema at arsenal today. On leaving training ground asked by youngster to sign an arsenal shirt. Clearly had no idea who i was ...
@steviego85 mainly city with a bit of Arsenal!
@Sawyer_Arsenal ou're right modric has but suggestions bale is average are annoying me. He is a very good player
"If Barca do bid £35m for Cesc, would Arsenal fans sell or force him to stay for a second successive year? @AllBabble"
"Fortunately, I do also have some other Arsenal news that will be in tomorrow's paper that has not already been tweeted by @YoungGunsBlog !!"
Dont get too excited - my arsenal news is nothing to do with cesc and nothing major. But def worth reading - obviously!
@RobbieDMcDonald he was a scout at arsenal b4 going to spurs
Just finished up at arsenal - big news is @shauncustis slapped me on the wrists for swearing on twitter. Now on a swearing ban!
#ff arsenal dignitaries @DarrenArsenal1 @JamieDalton82 @10akhil @legrove @YoungGunsBlog @ladyarse @garyprince @YouAreMyArsenal
Spoke to @RealRomfordPele for an arsenal piece in tomorrow's paper on how fergie has gained the advantage on wenger. Top man.
@garyprince @DarrenArsenal1 i did ask him that but he said cesc will be a much stronger captain once arsenal win
@SamiSteinbock yep - actually fancy arsenal now the pressure has lifted
Unfortunate arsenal prog interview with nasri given french football allegations. Nasri: 'laurent blanc has a good philosophy and it reminds
"Me a bit of arsenal, which is what i like.' Assume this was done well before the race allegations!!!!"
I've criticised arsenal for not talking at times this season too. So no bias. Always annoys me when losing side sneak off - and then tweet!
@mdouble_ue No worries - t word doesn't bother me. Wasn't just kicking Utd - did point out I've said same about arsenal this season.
@GoonersForever football reporter (arsenal and england monkey)
George Graham: I'd have been sacked by Arsenal by now http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/244457/George-Graham-Cups-or-bust
@Grennan84 @johncrossmirror @Arsenal oi
Doing my best here #ff @habmaj @smudgysmudge @villagabe @liamlancscc @sawyer_arsenal @bishy613 @blake2108 @bonehead4 @DonieHartney @lordfimm
@RussJefferys arsenal have a far far higher wage bill
Oh yes and early Arsenal team news for Sun. Told Fabregas will definitely return from injury to play against Villa. Oh joy.
"Please read what I wrote - Diarra to be offered to Arsenal. Wenger may well say 'non, merci', but he may say 'oui, d'accord' as well!"
My final @Arsenal fans' forum appearance of the season tomorrow. Might do a 'lap of appreciation' at the end of it.
"@goonercody yep villa fan, report on arsenal."
"Parker has dropped a big hint he's leaving west ham and i hear (in no order) liverpool, arsenal and tottenham are leading the chase."
"I would also like to #ff @RussJefferys today - big arsenal fan, marathon man and helping to organise a triathalon around canary wharf"
"...Talking of my shirt you can see it on @arsenal fans forum from 6pm tonight. That link was smooth, yah?"
"On @arsenal fans forum in 20 mins - call in and ask my anything - well, almost anything!"
"Oops, it seems we're on a bit later tonight - 6.25pm to quiz me on @Arsenal fans forum."
Off to arsenal v villa later. Villa could do with another point and arsenal need to secure 3rd. Still feels a bit 'nothingy' though.
Villa players clearly trying to do Arsenal a favour and ensure Wilshere doesn;t play in U21 C'ships. Living v dangerously at the mo
"Arsenal's start was terrible. Squillaci has been an appalling signing. Van persie excellent again, but changes required"
My Arsenal-Villa report http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/246985/Arsenal-1-Aston-Villa-2-All-Bent-out-of-shape
"Football clubs i've written about today in no particular order: arsenal, west ham, man city."
"@paulgbates pound on arsenal, pound on liverpool and pound on spurs"
Last arsenal press conference of the season here i come - hope wenger sends us out with a bang!
Japanese journalists travel thousands of miles to ask arsene wenger about ryo miyaichi and arsenal put it straight out as live. Seems unfair
"So, what am i going to do on thursdays and fridays with arsenal pressers to go to? Must say staff at colney always treat us brilliantly."
I mainly wrote about arsenal west ham and birmingham today. So there.
Arsenal must follows @johncrossmirror @CharlieWyett @Matt_Barlow_DM @JWTelegraph @JamieDalton82 @DarrenArsenal1 @YoungGunsBlog @10akhil
"Other than usual names, told arsenal have also watched lorient defender bruno ecuele manga - they signed his as a replacement for koscielny!"
Arsenal's tour to china and malaysia is only 2 games and they will be very light - cant see why that would harm wilshere. Not saame as u21s
Spent day with @jack_wilshere and dad andy (and other reporters). V engaging and interesting. Eng and arsenal future in safe hands
"@JamieDalton82 tott faves, west ham want 10 mill which could put arsenal off"
@Jonnyarsenal Not really. Nasri has options and staying at Arsenal is just one of them. I think he'll end up staying but he needs convincing
"Chelsea, west ham, arsenal and @jack_wilshere written by moi in tomorrow's express. Toodle pip"
"Dear arsenal fans @10akhil just sent me the following message: 'up the villa'. He's seen the light, well done akhil!"
Peter crouch on his england anger and capello and walcott on why arsenal must buy and could lose stars in express today
"Arsenal fans, you can be a funny bunch. Kill wenger for not spending money, kill liverpool for spending money. Make your minds up!"
"Right, I'm off to chase a rumour that Arsenal are preparing a £50mill bid for for a 12-year-old Middlesbrough player. See ya."
Arsenal fans follow new signing @carl_jenkinson - he knows friend of the stars @greavesmouse dont you know. Show him lots of support
"As @JamieDalton82 has outed this i may as well add my two bob now. Arsenal had nid accepted for jones, spoke to him last night and..."
@seangibson238 arsenal
Some cesc fabregas and arsenal news in today's express.
"@Deleer no - it's only barca or arsenal for him. Makes transfer v tricky. But he is NOT unhappy at arse, just loves barca too. Wont go away!"
More on bid for clichy and arsenal transfers in express tomorrow
"@LucaHelvetica Thanks - I doubt it, more a case of throwing the balls in the air and seeing which ones land in Arsenal's court"
"@JamieDalton82 oi, i'll star bneing nasty about arsenal if you're not careful"
@JonnyOneill United can't believe arsenal have allowed to get down to one year. They think it's bad housekeeping
Anyone spot this from lille's general director freddy paquet; 'gervinho is in contact with Arsenal....
"...'We will discuss with the London club because we follow the will of the player.' Gervinho wants arsenal, arsenal want him!"
@pdmckenna @henrywinter not convinced Samba is good enough for Arsenal
@OllieHoltMirror and at arsenal i knew full well it was an arsenal demise story and not a glory glor villa story after win at emirates
"@aindie2009 i personally dont think samba is arsenal standard. Man u, chelsea or even city wouldnt sign him"
Basically arsenal and barca are 20mill apart in their valuation of him. Arsenal value him at 50 but barca value him at 30.
@GandhiAFC Nasri is a big fan of Gervinho - told friends a long time ago Arsenal had to sign him. I don't write the headlines
Here's a thought for arsenal; when wenger sells clichy does he spend 15mill on new left back or move vermaelen there and buy 2 centre backs?
Pretty sure there is a borussia dortmund bid in for bendtner but also pretty sure if falls below arsenal's valuation. Haggling to b done.
@behnisch agree nb's dad can be 'creative' but arse seem to think interest from dortmund is real. Arsenal's 12mill asking price is unreal!
"Also, Newcastle want about £6million for Jose Enrique who Arsenal have enquired about as a replacement for Clichy"
Barcelona had a first summer bid of 27 million for fabregas rejected. Arsenal have told them to get real and bid closer to 50 mill
I also understan arsenal perspective and asking price - comparable to torres - so v v hard to guess on middle ground between the clubs
@IamTatts from arsenal's point a view defo worth over 27mill but just saying i can see barca logic in making that first bid.
@barcastuff I like to stand my stories up - maybe check with Arsenal press office when I made my first call on this story...
Christening of my nephew charlie today. One of the few occassions the phone will be off all day for. Cesc + arsenal can wait until monday
Really hope arsenal fans don't go too mad if/when cesc goes - club in between a rock and a hard place. Situation needs sorting now
@Sawyer_Arsenal fool
Arsenal have made contact with bolton about signing gary cahill. Deal in progress. Main story in london edition of today's express
Full cahill/fabregas #arsenal story should be here http://bit.ly/l1PySD
"@MarcSpurs arsenal prepared to offer choice of lansbury, eboue, jet, traore"
"@bbqbobs yes, there would be cash too. Cahill wants to join arsenal if poss"
You can all stop asking me now - @johncrossmirror is back. Surely he'll get things moving with arsenal... #groundhogday
@E_Z1ya - i would ring arsenal and fabregas' people to say i'd overheard it and take it from there
Tennis meant this didn't make the paper: Arsenal were last night trying to haggle Barca up closer to the 40mill mark for Cesc. Talks ongoing
I think a compromise will be reached with add-ons so both Arsenal and Barca can claim victory over the Cesc fee. PR game now.
Lots of questions RE Nasri - United interest seems real. As far as I know Nasri still not made a firm decision and Arsenal not given up hope
My decorator is an arsenal fan - he says sell anyone who won't commit - wise words in myy opinion
@arse2mouse i dont know about that. What i do know is that we all get things wrong but john cross is the best arsenal reporter on the beat
@David_Powles prob about 5 got to do some work on arsenal and will then head over.
Cesc wants Arsenal return to be a flying visit http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/256683/Cesc-Fabregas-hopes-for-a-flying-visit …
"Okay, sod twitter today. I'm hungover and can't be arsed with the knobs. Off to make up stories about arsenal losing all their players. Bye"
@ArsenalFCView yes i am desperate for cesc and nasri to leave and arsenal to go down the toilet. That would do my career wonders
@ArsenalFCView i am the arsenal reporter and i happen to like reporting on a champs league club. Thats how their success affects my career
@ArsenalFCView and i think arsenal are letting the fans down by increasing season tickets after lack of success
@AFChymnSheet yes i do write anything other than 'bad' arsenal news
@Macho_Grande1 because arsenal fans are upset at the mo but they come on twitter and blame journos.
"@BumperGraham i know, i was kidding - some arsenal fans killing me! I find it v interesting where cesc would be played and how.."
I have a bit of positive news for arsenal fans but u will have to buy tomorrow's paper or wait for link tomorrow #notalldoomandgloom
Arsenal in Mata talks/Nasri going on tour/Cesc not on tour http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/257262/Arsenal-boss-Arsene-Wenger-gets-to-heart-of-Juan-Mata …
"Spent last half-hour logged into @jwtelegraph arsenal webchat, shame he answered precisely none of my questions. Bastard."
@timpayton no - office offered me arsenal tour or a week in rio at end of july for world cup draw. I must admit i picked rio!
@timpayton if i'm brutally office looking forward to a week off arsenal!!!
"@barcastuff let's stick to public messaging eh? Guardiola unhappy with rosell's tactics, as are arsenal. Factoring toral and bellerin..."
"I'm not on arsenal tour, picked world cup draw in rio later this month, so follow @johncrossmirror and @jwtelegraph ..."
I should make it clear i do not have an 'official' arsenal tour list - just going off what i've been told.
Thanks for pointing out official arsenal touring party now on web. No real surprises.
@JamieDalton82 hopefully as that would equal a good summer for both arsenal and me!
But here is a thought. IF arsenal refuse to sell cesc for 35m then it will be exactly the same next summer and barca will offer even less..
@Riderofrohan i'm not going to argue with this. Arsenal don't even dispute he's been training on his own and with sol.
This seems to have slipped under radar even though in paper this morning. Cesc is not expected to go to cologne with arsenal squad on fri
Arsenal stay in germany until wednesday at a training camp after the cescless cologne friendly on saturday
One #ff today - special for arsenal fans @thescuffler
Arsenal news in tomorrow's express. Can't link cause in cologne so try buying it #lessthancrisps
@Arsenal_Kooora yes - slow burner
Have a pop at me if you like arsenal fans but it's not me who's messed up the nasri contract situation.
"@TheArsenal_ morning. If player verbally agrees, you get contract straight in front of him. Arsenal didn't. #messeditup"
Goal - gervinho scores on arsenal debut after 7 mins. Wilshere ball over and gervinho lobs keeper. Fair to say that is a good start
Big gaps in arsenal defence at mo - podolski shoots wide
Arsenal made 10 subs. Rvp and nasri now on
"Look, this is a friendly and i am not arsenal website. I'm not listing all the subs. So there."
Heard there could be a little surprise for arsenal fans at today's emirates cup
Well as the rumour is doing the rounds - may as well tweet my arsenal surprise...
I hear plan is for thierry henry to get 15 mins (ish) in an arsenal shirt today.
I love it when a plan comes together - but they dont always so threats of death if Thierry doesnt pull on an arsenal shirt today seem harsh
I would assume henry will only get his 15 mins if arsenal are already a few goals up
"So, someone i follow give me a brief rundown of arsenal game today..."
Tricky with transfer window open and business to be done but still sure come sept 1 arsenal's squad will be stronger than liverpool's
I do agree tho that liverpool moving forwards while arsenal in danger of stalling. But arsenal squad still stronger at mo
"@David_0Leary who knows - it could go to the wire, meaning he may start the PL season for arsenal. Champs League play off a no-no though"
So who do arsenal fans want/not wants in champs league draw. Don't really see any of the teams as much of a problem
Majority saying they want arsenal to avoid kazan - from a press trip perspective i agree. Pile your money on arsenal drawing kazan! #jinx
Arsenal should be okay v udinese - decent place to visit for away leg too
Pretty sure arsenal will say cesc still recovering from hamstring and not match fit as reason behind not going to portugal...
@Sawyer_Arsenal for what? Getting stories? Questioning bad decisions? Not agreeing with everything he does? Being suspicious of hamstrings?
"Fascinated to hear what the only english journo in portugal, @CharlieWyett , makes of arsenal's arrival without cesc."
@YouAreMyArsenal given his non-appearance in portugal i now think more likely he won't play for arsenal during august. That is a theory tho
"PL champs: man utd. CL places: man city, chelsea, arsenal. FA Cup: man utd. Carling cup: chelsea"
Spain buzzing with rumours @johncrossmirror doing first arsenal fans forum of season tonight #unmissable
Best for everyone cesc is now done. Arsenal should thank him and move on. Big worry is if nasri now follows...
In terms of incoming signings - arsenal after jadson and has gary cahill watched at weekend in case another bid for jag fails
"Ok arsenal fans, you've got at least 50m in bank and maybe another 23m to come. Who realistically do you sign in next 2 weeks to win league?"
For those asking about mata - i'm as confused as you are. A couple of weeks ago he told an arsenal player he was joining...
It seems arsenal then dragged their feet and then weng says no chance on fri. Will ask again today now cesc has actually gone
@DBCloggy initial payment may be just under but future payments will comfortably get arsenal 35m pounds
Frankly amazed so many arsenal fans saying they want scott dann - i sniff desperation. Put samba in the desperado category as well
Writing up my arsenal stuff with myleene klass sat in front of me. Wonder what she thinks about fabregas?
Shame eboue has left arsenal - he was a funny little fella
Van persie best choice as new arsenal captain. Considered the 'heartbeat' of the squad in the dressing-room. Also speaks mind.
Wenger to weighing up arsenal bid for yann m'vila. So there
"Just to clarify, all journos last night checked with arsenal and were told to treat the nasri quotes as genuine. He will go."
"Ok, so journos at arsenal for game, see nasri quotes, ask arsenal press office if account is real, told yes and told story ok to print..."
Arsenal interested in Yann M'Vila http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/265556/ …
"Even if uefa banned managers from the stadium, messages would be communicated. Can't see messages made a marked difference to arsenal"
Can anyone tell me why l'equipe were banned for arse v udinese. Very unlike arsenal to go to such measures...
"Anyway, arsenal fans have to support barca to get full fee for cesc. Trust you're all in your braca 'fabregas 4' shirts?!..."
Wenger and Arsenal in the 'red zone' http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/265701/Arsenal-boss-Arsene-Wenger-s-in-the-red-zone-now …
Graham Taylor's view on Arsenal and Wenger http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/265702/Arsene-Wenger-s-great-but-in-need-of-English-spine …
Trying to think of a probable arsenal line-up for staurday's liverpool game is not easy...
"@CaptainBradH been off today, so no idea! At arsenal presser tomorrow"
#ff the arsenal twitterati @DarrenArsenal1 @10akhil @JamieDalton82 @ladyarse @ashburton_grove @GoonerTalk @garyprince
And last #ff today for @RussJefferys - a man constantly living in pain thanks to running too much and supporting arsenal
Here's something to annoy arsenal fans: i don't think samir nasri has done anything wrong.
Arsenal had the chance to sort nasri's contract and didn't. Now an employer with more money and better prospects want to hire him
"Arsenal also had chance to show nasri ambition in transfer window. But, again, let that chance pass"
I can see why nasri will be called greedy but this move is as much about what's wrong with arsenal as what's wrong with him.
That it just my view - v interesting debate whether nasri or arsenal to blame for all this
"Wenger in fighting mood today - not prepared to be kicked, even if arsenal are slightly down at mo"
"Having heard arsenal's explanation of what happened on tuesday night, i cannot believe uefa are pursuing case against wenger. So petty."
@Abd_al_Rahman79 led to believe sky could even help arsenal's defence so they are not the bad guys in this
"@philmcnulty after seeing wenger today, really think arsenal will win. He seemed v fired up and determined"
Negative of dalglish to leave suarez on bench with arsenal so depleted
Maybe this is an elaborate ploy by Arsenal players to make Wenger buy
Going to reserve views on arsenal for the paper. Wenger fronted up to press and dalglish was interesting too.
Will be amazed if arsenal don't improve offer for m'villa. Told he's the one wenger really wants. Dunno if rennes have a selling price
Hands up if you think 'silent' stan should stop being so silent and actually tell the arsenal fans what direction he wants to take the club.
"Doubt stan kroenke is on twitter but if his pr people are, arsenal fans want him to talk. As they say in th us, let's get it oooonnnnnn."
"@JonnyOneill @David_0Leary i take your point on spurs jonny, but that doesn't address arsenal issues at all."
@David_0Leary @JonnyOneill most of us will be in sofia having to churn out pages of capello and jt. Can't see arsenal getting much space
@kraigmumblecore fair point but he got sent off and arsenal would probably have drawn otherwise. It's more a 5 for stupidity
"Think mata is a great signing for chelsea, just what they need - even more than modric. Still amazed arsenal didn't complete the deal"
Don't know exactly why arsenal didn't complete mata deal. Player had even asked a (then) arsenal player about the club and where to live..
Subsequently told arsenal didn't complete because contrary to what we all thought mata was not enger's first choice and nasri deal not done
"@johnnie_jackson @greavesmouse he's a jinx! Yeah tough times at arsenal. Off to udinese with them, badly need a result - and some signings!"
@ladyarse i don't think i've ever been wrong - apart from my prediction arsenal would beat liverpool!!
Arsenal travelling with 18-man squad to udine
How did it ever get to this for Arsenal? http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/266865/It-s-the-Samir-old-story-Arsene-Wenger …
Ian Ridley on Arsenal http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/266864/Arsene-Wenger-must-buy-into-modern-transfer-ideal …
Predicition for tonight: Udinese 1 Arsenal 1 - Arsenal to win 2-1 on aggregate and progress. Just.
I will be on arsenal fans forum on friday though so can reply to all opinions then
Udine press have picked out walcott as arsenal's danger man and say asamoah is the man to win for them
For the record everyone i've spoken in udine think arsenal are going to win - inc udinese fans
So Arsenal are through. Nice one arsene.
My arsenal match report http://bit.ly/qCAoMb 
Dunno why but transfer news cut out my arsenal stuff. New 21mill bid for m'vila is in and bolton reject new cahill offer. Will sell 4 17m
So arsenal have six days to spend 60mill - i somehow think selling clubs are going to set their prices high #timetocoughup
@YankeeGunner @arsenalreport we all have our opinions on the game which is fine. Mine was arsenal got out of jail and weren't great
Getting lots of questions where i think arsenal will finish this season - sticking with prediction of 4th but at least 2 signings needed
"@JsMills @YankeeGunner @arsenalreport bitterness at what? I'm a villa fan, b4 i was a reporter i didn't care either way about arsenal"
"With news liverpool might take bellamy back, would arsenal fans fancy him? Weng has always really liked bellers but not heard he's after him"
I'm on arsenal fans' forum tomoz and happy to talk about media relationship with wenger if anyone wants to ring in about it.
To be clear wenger cancelling paper press conf will not be reflected in how i write on arsenal. I dont agree with it but wont go that route
Arsenal wont have to do much homework on marseille - they've been scouting a group of their players for the last 6 months
My weekend goes something like this -  fri: arsenal fans forum. Sat: chelsea norwich. Sun: sunday supplement debut and spurs v man city.
"And of course, lots more arsenal in tomorrow's paper"
"@ashburton_grove big difference is arsenal wanted to sell clichy and weren't offering new deal, and he was by no means best player"
Arsenal tv press conference absolute chaos today
Just arrived at emirates for arsenal fans' forum - ring in and give me hell! Oh and watch car crash tv (press conference) first!!
This must be a first - was warned by arsenal they were worried i'd recieve abuse on fans' forum tonight because of twitter!!
But there was nothing to worry about as abusers (!) stayed away and i thoroughly enjoyed it. Really good arsenal debate.
Bolton and Arsenal in Cahill war http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/267505/Arsene-Wenger-Twitter-war-over-Gary-Cahill- …
@Sawyer_Arsenal i think you've got enough to worry about at old trafford.
@arsenalreport that's why i said bolton have claimed arsenal made a 6m bid - did not just state it as matter of fact
"@arsenalreport but remembr, i do not write for the arsenal programme or a club fanzine. We are not bias either way"
@Large_Goat good point although dont know if arsenal paid wages
Lots of early debate on this striker arsenal seem to be signing - let's see him first eh? But mid and def should be priority
Fascinating stuff from @johncrossmirror on talksport press pass about arsenal right now
At last count arsenal have enquiries or bids lodged for at least four midfielders in hope one comes off before deadline #panic
"Totally agree arsenal must make signings - so strange to see them scrambling around all over the place going into final day, though."
"Arsenal bids in for M'Vila, Hazard, Martin - enquiries made yesterday on Arteta and Fellaini. Sure there are others too, Busy day ahead"
"Obviously, arsenal will not sign all those players. One more, or two max i would have thought"
How will arsenal fans feel if they just end up with benayoun today? Not saying that's going to happen but keen to get opinion
Hear blackburn not expecting to sell samba today. Arsenal big priority is midfielder now anyway
Told arsenal is a mad-house today and they're working v v hard to get a midfielder. No definitive progress as yet though
Hearing Arsenal gone in strong this arvo for Arteta - think he's one
Think arsenal hoping to get arteta for around 10mill
Two issues on arsenal arteta move - may have to go above 10m and everton need to have a player-in lined up. Arsenal remain hopeful
"Uh-oh, arteta arsenal very much off as week speak"
My arsenal doomsday scenario of finishing the day with just benayoun is looking most likely at the moment. Dear oh dear oh dear.
Arsenal still working hard
Got to be careful what i say but something other than yossi MAY still happen for arsenal. No better than 50-50 at mo though
Still think 10m will be arteta move - told he really wants arsenal move
John Terry thinks Walcott should be an Arsenal striker after hitting four in training http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/268707/Theo-Walcott-s-striking-form …
Do Arsenal fans agree Theo Walcott should be given a chance up front for Arsenal? John Terry amazed when Walcott scored 4 in Eng training
With the new signings and theo form i'd like arsenal to go 4-3-3 v swansea next week...
"Paper also reports bulgarian football fans prefer to watch arsenal, united and liverpool than national team"
"If manchester city really want to get on arsenal's nerves, they'll sack garry cook and replace him with david dein."
Vermaelen had secret ankle surgery last night and out for at least a month - will link shortly. Massive blow to arsenal and him
"@northbanklower not really, no. Just think it is now clearly ridiculous to complain about 'arsenal bashing' in the press..."
@northbanklower i read far more arsenal bashing on here and on blogs than i do in papers..
@Sawyer_Arsenal blocked
@northbanklower he was very good yes. I don't remember ever saying arsenal spent too much on him
@JonnyOneill i see that point but arsenal have been in a position to be judged against very best - not liverpool and spurs
"@JonnyOneill because over recent years arsenal's competition has been utd and chelsea, not liverpool or spurs"
"@JonnyOneill well, no, you're not any more. you've just made arsenal sound a bit like stoke. Not sure arsenal ever 'slug it out'!"
"@JonnyOneill ha, wenger's taught me well. Arsenal are judged differently under aw because of what he achieved..."
@JonnyOneill personally think it's sad so many arsenal fans want to be judged against spurs at the mo
@JonnyOneill The day we stop writing about you not winning and get bored with arsenal is when you'll know the game's really up
@JonnyOneill it's a massive refelection of what wenger achieved that arsenal are still so relevant after so long without trophy
Assured walcott fit for arsenal - left out as precaution/tactic
"Talksport, BT, radio 5, absolute radio, sky news, al jazeera, chelsea tv, arsenal tv, espn and now #sundaysupplement @johncrossmirror"
@JonnyOneill what's your arsenal team v swansea jonny?
@JonnyOneill i wouldnt have aa anywhere near the team. Think his attitude towards arsenal has been shite for a while now
"Stayed up late to record a podcast with @beyondthepitch - talked man city, spurs, liverpool, arsenal and wolves. No villa unfortunately!"
"I wasn't at arsenal today. Reading tweets i'd have thought they had lost. Reading results, they won. Villa drew, i'm pleased."
When was the last time arsenal were left until second from last on motd?
Off to dortmund with Arsenal tomoz - told the stadium is fantastico so looking forward to that. Not a fan of the big german sausages though!
"As we are flying with arsenal team, kept imagining what bergkamp would have been like with plane being thrown all over the place"
Subotic says Arsenal have 'a big problem' http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/270999/Arsenal-s-big-problem …
"And, in their words, when gotze does leave dortmund he will join a bigger club than arsenal"
Pat rice was good in post-match interview - would have asked if he was resigning if arsenal lost
"When asked if he was angry with arsenal goal, klopp said: 'yes, but shit happens.'"
My Dortmund v Arsenal match report http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/271209/Borussia-Dortmund-1-Arsenal-1-Arsene-Wenger-thanks-his-lucky-stars …
"Havent tweeted much about arsenal-dortmund, although did link my match rep earlier. My player scores would be as follows..."
Bacary Sagna is officially arsenal's unsung hero - consistently v good and probably the nicest man at club. Among best full-backs in europe
"@brett1892 villa, write about arsenal"
@christoronyi sorry chris i'm going to struggle - v busy tomorrow due to arsenal press conf. Many apologies
Standing still will be an achievement for Arsenal http://bit.ly/qrK0AF 
@J_Hinds_london expectation in last 6 years was still to win a trophy - i don't think it is any more. Arsenal are fighting to keep up.
"@saskiey agree, not knocking the draw. But i think it illustrates where arsenal currently find themselves"
@JeromeCaminada haha - i don't think arsenal fans think i'm wenger's PR
@JeromeCaminada my point is that given the new order in the PL and CL arsenal will do well to stand still this season
How twitter works: arsenal fans upset by me saying standing still will be an achievement. United fan accuses me of being wenger's PR man!
@goonersparx @DarrenArsenal1 arsenal's draw was both well earned and lucky but that wasn't my point
@MarkLawrenceafc i report on arsenal - and i'm trying to block out villa's performances!
"@ObumOsigwe write, not right. That was pretty poor. And yes arsenal might stand still and villa be relegated."
@timpayton @eastlower not to mention fact arsenal saving circa 50k a week in wages by replacing fab and nas with arteta and benayoun.
I'm afraid cesc also has form for this kind of thing with the interview he gave to don balon magazine last season that sent arsenal mad
"Anyway, i agree with arsenal fans saying that what cesc did or didn't say only amounts to the truth in any case."
"Expect arsenal team v blackburn to be: ws; bs, lk, pm, kg: as, ma: tw, aa, gerv; rvp."
@SunSteveBrenner @JackWilshere the arsenal players chuck arshavin around in training all the time - nobody bats an eyelid
Wenger: Arsenal are back at the start http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/271865/Arsene-Wenger-going-back-to-basics …
"I'm at spurs tomorrow so i'm going to settle down to watch balckburn v arsenal and (not, ahem) watch villa v newcastle on t'internet"
I'll be amazed if arsenal don't piss this
This really is very comfortable for arsenal at the mo. Some might say they are 'pissing it'. Gerv could have had hat-trick already
And so a new arsenal inquest begins (sigh)....
"Think it will be v tight between arsenal, spurs and liverpool with all 3 dropping silly points"
Is it safe to assume arsenal fans were pissing about when they voted chamakh mom on website poll 4 blackburn game?
Wrote lots of Arsenal (quelle surprise) and Spurs today. See tomorrow's Express. Good night.
Also apologies to arsenal that my club villa gave bolton a confidence boost. I really wish we hadn't!
@ObumOsigwe I've literally never reported Arsenal fans are revolting against Wenger or club. You are a very strange man
I asked a good arsenal contact over the summer whether the club was seriously interested in joey barton...
"I was told 'arsenal have a very, very long list this year. Barton is probably on it but he'll be at the bottom.'"
William gallas unlikely to be fit to start for spurs v wigan on sat. More likely full return v arsenal on oct 2.
Just off to arsenal training ground - plan to avoid @charliewyett at all costs
"Left Arsenal. Wenger prickly in front of cameras but great with us. Lots of arsenal in paper tomoz, inc a bit of a 'special report'"
Back to real football. Predicted arsenal team v bolton coming up...
"Arsenal (4-3-3): ws; bs, lk, pm, as; ar, as, ma; tw, vp, gerv."
"People like @MarkLawrenceafc need to realise that, apart from anything, it is better for my career if arsenal do well..."
"I like reporting on cl games, top of table matches etc and, being arsenal reporter, it helps if they are near top of table"
News of surgery for wilshere broke too late for some newspapers. Out until 2012 - terrible blow for him + arsenal
Should Arsenal have bought Gary Cahill? (full stats table on Cahill against Arsenal defenders only in the paper) http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/273349/Isn-t-Bolton-s-Gary-Cahill-worth-17m- …
Vp in arsenal programme reveals team had a bonding dinner on weds night and 'most the guys were dancing'.
Arsenal as expected - theo in for arshavin and gibbs in for santos from last week
Disjointed so far from arsenal. Still look the most likely though
100 arsenal goals for robin van persie. Nice one.
"Good performances for arsenal today from szczs, sagna, song, arteta, walcott and rvp. Ramsey good flashes"
How i would like to write. Brilliant piece by @PaulHayward_gnm on arsenal v bolton http://bit.ly/plpXGv 
Arsenal reliant on Robin (you'll like this if you like RVP) http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/273732/Arsenal-3-Bolton-0-Worried-Wenger-s-so-reliant-on-Robin-van-Persie …
Arsenal stat for u - in about 3300 mins since last august per mertesacker has one yellow card and no reds in club football #disciplined
"I was off yesterday but back today with arsenal champs league press conference - lots on agenda. Wilshere, rvp, oh yes and olympiakos"
Would arsenal fans prefer jack to come back in march and play last 10 games and go to euros. Or miss season and euros and return next term?
Arsenal fans should (could) find papers interesting tomorrow. No obvious story so should be lots of different articles....
It would be a lovely surprise if the guardian didn't break the arsenal quotes embargo (11pm) tonight.
Arshavin must be more than Arsenal's 20-minute man http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/274163/Arsenal-s-Andrey-Arshavin-must-show-cheeky-side-for-longer …
Arsenal need more from Arshavin http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/274163/Arsenal-s-Andrey-Arshavin-must-show-cheeky-side-for-longer …
@mattlittlechild but i'm flattered you obviously think so highly of journalists who cover arsenal
@mattlittlechild but i certianly don't and won't be using your 'handy' a-z guide for reporting on arsenal or any other club!
Nice one ox - read my report in tomorrow's express about arsenal's latest star. Night.
Oxlade-Chamberlain is the latest in Arsenal's 'one born every minute' series (plus Olympiakos match report) http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/274416/ …
"@daryl_photoshop i am a member of the media. It's like me thinking an arsenal players is rubbish, but saying the whole team is rubbish.."
@JonnyOneill @SamRJHyde the intro has some journalistic licenece but i'm talking about arsenal giving teenagers a chance in the CL
@JonnyOneill @SamRJHyde think arsenal came of age in the CL quite some time ago!!!!
"@ladyarse @nealcol sorry, i'm as touchy as an arsenal fan today!"
@JonnyOneill if you meet him i absolutely guarantee you will see charlie has no agenda against arsenal and is actually quite pro-arsenal
@SamRJHyde @JonnyOneill arsenal and spurs both do well out of the press in general. Try being fulham - nobody gives a toss about them
Ade won't celebrate in front of Arsenal fans http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/274599/Emmanuel-Adebayor-I-am-just-so-sorry …
Arsenal's ox-factor Fresh Prince would relish Tottenham chance http://bit.ly/oSnCxn 
@HarlowGooner i never said a word about arsenal crowd apart from coming on here to say it was a good attendance so with respect - piss off!
"Off to arsenal for pre-tottenham press conf today. Lots to ask wenger about but, as always, open to (sensible) suggestions"
Arsenal are the only organisation for whom posting a profit is a pr disaster!!
"Hearing theo fit for arsenal today, still unsure if defo selected."
Actually hearing walcott fit and starts for arsenal. Gerv less likely
"Spurs-Arsenal impressions. Spurs first (seeing as they won); parker excellent, dominated midfield. Team did well to go again after equaliser"
"Arsenal: sczesny brilliant but will be disappointed with walker goal, gerv disappointing, per not the best today and team tired badly"
Injury to sagna v worrying for arsenal too - no senior back-up at club. Jenko willing but not ready
Arsenal confirm sagna out for 3 months with fracturered fibula
My Tottenham-Arsenal match report http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/275183/Tottenham-2-Arsenal-1-Harry-Redknapp-s-heroes-a-sure-fire-bet …
"Neither set of spurs and arsenal fans covered themselves in glory yesterday so spare me the 'they were worse', 'no they were worse'."
The most depressing thing for arsenal is they didn't actually play that badly yesterday - their squad just isn't strong enough...
"Current arsenal team - with sagna, verm, wilshere out - are no better than top 8 and a cup run. With full team still think poss top 4."
Assured szczesny withdrawal from poland squad with bad back is purely precautionary #arsenal
Pat Rice goes mad at Arsenal players (don't know why a par has been repeated on website version) http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/275448/Angry-Rice-lays-into-Arsenal …
"Also done big inside arsenal piece on why people believe what they see, not what they hear. Not online yet for some reason. Will link later"
@this_is_skimps fortunately wasn't covering arsenal then (i was spurs man!) So i was very unobjective! #upthevilla
Seeing is believing for arsenal - time to face up to problems  http://bit.ly/ntyabv 
Pat rice goes mad at arsenal players http://bit.ly/qBJjwj 
"@Arsenal_DNA haha, thanks i think!"
Thanks for kind comments on arsenal piece - glad majority are seeing it is not criticising just for the sake of it.
Last time i link or RT this (promise). Why arsenal must face up to their  problems http://bit.ly/ntyabv 
@Arsenal_Ratings eh?
@Arsenal_Ratings ah - superb so far
@ObumOsigwe if you start tweeting arsenal that i should be banned then i'm going to block you.
"@jimmyjenkins @obumosigwe don't mind him having a go, which he does A LOT, just don't like him tweeting arsenal to ban me"
"@mikeymike2711 thought they were blinkered, which is part of my wider point about arsenal. Have no prob with jack, though"
@johnnie_jackson wrote a big arsenal piece. I'll send it you
In rare position of having to buy arsenal fan @RussJefferys lunch today because villa are higher in league. That's a nandos wenger owes me
Wilshere gives Arsenal some good news by promising to stay http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/275812/Jack-Wilshere-Nothing-could-tempt-me-to-leave-Arsenal …
@SamRJHyde @jonnyoneill and one got blocked cause he kept directly tweeting arsenal asking for me to be banned!
"Arsenal will attempt to open contract talks with RVP, Walcott and Verm next month with Richard Law in charge of negs....."
Adebayor rated only 50/50 to be fit for Tottenham's trip to Newcastle this weekend. Picked up a hammy strain in win over Arsenal.
@timpayton why tim? Surely arsenal would benefit from negotiating their own overseas rights.
Tried to get this arsenal snippet in paper for 2 days now and it's been cut both times....
Thomas vermaelen has targetted arsenal's trip to chelsea on oct 29 for a return from injury. Club hopeful he'll make it.
On arsenal fans' forum tonight is @matt_barlow_dm - a must watch. Knows his bananas.
@johncrossmirror @darrenarsenal1 - i might have to ban arsenal chat at roses gig...!
Reliably told suggestions an arsenal player asked for medical advice at chelsea are nonsense
"Good for arsenal, good for my fantasy team. Bad for sunderland."
Arsenal looking nervy now. Could have been 3 up b4 sunderland goal
Szczesny's too good for this arsenal team - almunia would fit in much better #getmanuelback
Arsenal pushing hard now. Need to score while on top.
Encouraging for arsenal today that rosicky played well and arshavin was an effective sub.
"Arsenal ratings: ws 7, cj 6, lk 6, pm 6, kg 5; as 7, ma 5: tw 5, tr 7, ger 7, rvp 9"
If i was arsenal i would not sell rvp even if he doesn't sign a new deal. He's worth more to them than the money they'd get for a 29 yr old
RVP to snub January interest and give Arsenal one last chance to prove their ambition http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/278163/Robin-Van-Persie-s-Arsenal-waiting-game …
Not on arsenal trip to marseille as the office are sending me to chelsea with @TonyBanksXP tomorrow night instead...
Probably for the best as i'd infect the entire arsenal squad with my killer cold if i was on a plane with them
"@OliverKayTimes i agree mate, man city offer better money and prospects than arsenal. An attractive package when put together"
@Grennan84 @OliverKayTimes which club will win more trophies over next 10 yrs (rest of nasri's career). City or arsenal?
Vermaelen signs new arsenal contract until 2015 - good news. Now just rvp and theo to go...
Never heard a player say 'the club is doing well financially' on signing a new contract before. Odd #arsenal #vermaelen
Not sure why people keep asking about song - as far as i know he is already contracted to arsenal until 2015.
Arsenal have no fit right-backs for Stoke and Chelsea games (Jenko likely to be out for two weeks) http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/278769/Johan-Djourou-s-right-man …
@Arsenal_DNA so u would feel quite confident if rvp had to miss a game?
"@Arsenal_DNA certianly kuyt and, yes, prob pav over chamakh now. Cham started well but has been terrible for nearly a year now"
@BobbyAFC79 not saying they are the best but stronger than arsenal's options after rvp
So back on the arsenal beat as of tomorrow morning. Things defo looking up. Issues to address but also points to feel positive about
Got lots of tweets from arsenal fans a couple of weeks ago saying 'wouldnt care if theo went'. Theo is v important to arsenal and rvp.
There was a welcome new addition at arsenal press conf today in @RorySmith_Indy - his wenger impression needs a lot of work though. A lot.
"To be fair, arsenal probably deserved a trophy for that alone! Rvp unlucky not to be in player list, but can't see him losing sleep over it"
This is my first live viewing of park. I have not viewed much from him so far #arsenal
Arsenal need to keep getting ball to walcott and gervinho. It will produce a goal.
Just writing my one-man team arsenal intro now.
"Impressions from Arsenal last night. Good: Vermaelen. Theo and Gerv caused lots of problems. Bad: Park (not ready for that standard), Santos"
Just watched some of the chelsea highlights in genk. David luiz is as bad as any of arsenal's bad defensive signings
"If luiz was at arsenal everybody would be laughing their heads off at him. A defender, who has a good touch but can't defend. Great."
"For those accusing me of being an arsenal fan, i'm a villa fan (paul mcgrath and martin laursen v good, curtis davies, zat knight v bad)"
@MarkHealyAFC arsenal didnt need to win and they didnt score in any case!! Playing theo up top hardly a huge gamble
Wenger wants Arsenal to start work on keeping Walcott by offering big pay rise http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/281637/Arsene-Wenger-wants-to-woo-Theo-Walcott …
Just in case i was too early 1st time: Wenger wants Arsenal to start work on keeping Walcott by offering big pay rise http://bit.ly/uldbTp 
Think this is arteta's best arsenal performance
"Thought jenko was much better for arsenal today. But arteta was my star man - far more influence going forwards. Much, much better"
Didn't like arsenal's new club banners though. Tacky and un-arsenal-like. Get rid.
"Okay, okay, the arsenal banners were made and voted for by fans. Not so shit then but still tack (the batman and robin one) and a bit forced"
"You're right, i have nothing to complain about arsenal performance today. Nobody scored under a 7 and at least three eights in there"
"@official_alexp err, everybody pulls me up on everything i say. Non arsenal fans say i'm an arsenal fan and arsenal fans say i'm negative"
"Capello bonkers if he selects oxlade-chamberlain in full england squad. Great talent, but not ready and not even in arsenal squad now"
Arteta winning new friends at Arsenal (Wenger says he would be an England regular) http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/282224/Arsenal-3-West-Brom-0-Arteta-is-feeling-at-home …
@Arsenal_SAfrica thanks a lot
In case i was too early: Arteta winning new friends at Arsenal (Wenger says he would be an England regular) http://bit.ly/tvSOxz 
"Busy, busy day. Written about yaya toure (v nice man), man city, wenger, arsenal and little bit of wilshere. Tired now."
Wilshere was careful with his words last night but there is positivity inside Arsenal that his x-ray results could see him return earlier
Wrote a few pars on wilshere (cant find on web) saying arsenal hoping he can maker quicker recovery and return before march following xray
Fabregas: Arsenal must keep RvP http://bit.ly/vYjCly 
Must say cesc was v respectful of arsenal when a few of us spoke to him on saturday. Think his only beef is with hill-wood! #understandable
@GambossLives @cesc4official what? I was in the interview and cesc was v respectful of arsenal. Read the article again. Dear oh dear
Amazed arsenal fans taking issue with cesc - he said he is an arsenal fan and wants rvp to stay when i asked 'do u want him at barca?'
Arsenal set for Real row over Wilshere leak http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/283772/Arsenal-in-Real-battle-for-Jack-Wilshere …
@DannyBoyJones23 I don't think he's going anywhere. The story is Arsenal will be furious that Real are going down the Barca route
@JDTIPS If it was 'robbed from Marca' I would have simply written Madrid will try to sign Wilshere. Story is Arsenal furious with tactics
"Can I clear up I have not written an article saying Wilshere is going to Madrid, I have written Arsenal angry with underhand tactics of RM"
@SamRJHyde I've somehow upset them by taking Arsenal's side. Utterly bizarre.
Bordeaux and Sevilla chase Chamakh and Arsenal scout U21 keeper Jack Butland http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/283986/New-bid-to-bring-back-Marouane-Chamakh …
Gotta set alarm for 7am for trip to cazza road tomoz - expecting good game. From what ive seen of norwich it will be a tough one for arsenal
Every answer provides a new question for Arsenal http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/285053/Norwich-1-Arsenal-2-Just-bombing-along …
1 point yet to be highlighted from arsenal win over norwich is i thought andre santos had his best game for the club. Sign of thing to come?
Szczesny was most amusing at arsenal today. You can tell wenger loves his joking around.
"Lots of arsenal in tomorrow's express. Some by me, some not by me and some by me written for other people's columns!! Toodle pip"
Arsenal book extra night in Greece and want to beat strikers by beating Dortmund http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/285452/Arsenal-boss-Arsene-Wenger-booked …
Arsenal told: Forget Gotze in January by @siyeend_express
@BeltransMole23 @JonnyOneill arsenal put rvp up to media for first time this season after 100th goal. So we asked about his future
@JonnyOneill @ladyarse i actually specifically wrote in my marseille match report it is unfair to brand arsenal a one man team....
@JonnyOneill @ladyarse the regulars at arsenal all want arsenal to do well. Makes our job easier and we like watching big games
@RayVerschoyle @JonnyOneill @ladyarse the future of all arsenal's players are linked to wenger.
"@loufizz @andyparton haha, i'd have about 2 followers if it wasn't for arsenal fans!"
@davekidd_people i hate 'pelters'. Dreamed up by talkshite and adopted by @johncrossmirror 'i got pelters from arsenal fans..'
V interesting day for me at arsenal today. Details later.
"Last time for the late risers: Interview with @Andre_Santos27 on Strictly, Smart Cars and Arsenal http://bit.ly/uZOhwm "
@johncrossmirror what radio/tv/internet/carrier pigeon stations can I catch u on later. I need my fix of your views!! Enjoy arsenal
Feel like an ambulance chaser today - ditching arsenal to go and see chelsea v wolves. Expecting a narrow home win.
@JWTelegraph @johncrossmirror - arsenal press officers!
I leave arsenal for one day...
Double joy for @johnnie_jackson - charlton beat huddersfield to go further clear and arsenal record is safe. #arsenalsecretagent
Arsenal scouted lukas podolski in cologne game on fri night - full story in tomorrow's express.
"@honigstein @gunnerblog I should stress arsenal have a history of scouting players 10,000 times and then bidding 50p. Early days I would say"
Arsenal scout Podolski (full story): http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/286655/Arsenal-manager-Arsene-Wenger-checks-striker-Lukas …
"@ObumOsigwe happy birthday obum, I hope arsenal give you a wonderful birthday present tonight."
It must be getting towards xmas - no abuse for predicting a city win. Maybe I'll tip arsenal to lose every week!
"Nasri not getting it too bad so far - I reckon arsenal fans still love him really. Go on, admit it..."
"Coquelin having a great game for arsenal, who are doing v well at the moment"
"Stand out arsenal performers for me tonight were oxo-cube, coquelin and koscielny"
Interesting headline on arsenal.com 'plenty of our boys outplayed city's rich kids'. Wonder who they could be referring to?
Hope they show @johncrossmirror where the mixed zone is on his arsenal stadium tour
Wenger still feeding arsenal kids his magic potion http://bit.ly/saezt7 
@tomharvey_efc u coming to arsenal next week?
Spoke to a few olympiakos fans last night who all thought arsenal will win even with a 2nd team out. All picked out oxo-cube as main threat
Least surprising news Ive ever heard - robin van persie is arsenal's player of the month. In other news grass remains green and the sky blue
Add szczesny to the van persie list of arsenal players who aren't allowed to get injured.
"So, arsenal ratings.... Lf 4, vm 2, jd 3, ss 4, tv 5, as 5, I'm 6, ef 6, fc 5, aoc 6, yb 6, aa 5, mc 5. But yes they don't really matter"
My olympiakos v arsenal report http://bit.ly/swYDLT 
Santos injury worry for arsenal http://bit.ly/rH9MVq 
"Arsenal have no full-backs for Saturday, but Everton have no strikers. I wonder who is now number 2 keeper for arsenal? Almunia anybody?"
"As an 'outsider', I'm amazed at what relative low regard Ian wright is held in by arsenal fans. So what if he's critical? That's good imo"
"Oh no, ian wright once said something nice about spurs and he doesn't always say everyone at arsenal is a 'legend'. Do me a favour"
Glad to hear there are also a lot of sane arsenal fans out there who do appreciate what ian wright did for arsenal
"And to answer a few wright/arsenal questions. Dwight Yorke joined birmingham, let alone said nice things about them and I still love him"
Some yossi for arsenal and chelsea fans http://bit.ly/tFsxzy 
Off to sing happy birthday to Arsenal later. I hear @johncrossmirror has got his party hat ready and @charliewyett is bringing the cake
A big happy birthday to @johncrossmirror - spooky he shares his birthday with arsenal.
In today's express - henry says he'd like to manage arsenal one day and wenger says he will help him get coaching badges...
Happy birthday once again to arsenal and @johncrossmirror. Inseperable.
Van Persie can join the Arsenal legends club http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/289077/Henry-has-his-statue-now-Robin-Van-Persie-s-right-on-course-for-his …
Birthday boy @johncrossmirror has left the press room 45mins early to catch the arsenal 125-year celebrations
Everton rocking the barcelona-esq 4-6 formation but currentlyt look the more dangerous v arsenal
"Arsenal marks: ws 6; jd 6, pm 6, lk 7, tv 7: ma 7, as 8; tw 6, ar 6, ger 5: rvp 7"
"Spurs, arsenal, liverpool and chelsea will all have wobbles this season. The two who are least wobbly will get 3rd and 4th #wobblewobble"
"And, yes, arsenal, chelsea, spurs and liverpool have already had wobbles - and they will all have more. January t market could be telling"
@MuppetGooner they are also unbeaten in the league. Look forward to you telling me 'I told u so' when arsenal overtake them
For the late risers - Arsenal v Everton match report (Moyes asks Henry for help): http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/289431/Arsenal-1-Everton-0-Our-Henry-could-do-a-job-here …
I'm off today. Bad news for arsenal on santos but gibbs now getting closer to return. Another 'few weeks' that turned into a few months
"So a pretty negative reaction to the wayne bridge loan idea for arsenal. Obviously, they will just get ashley cole back or lahm #realworld"
"If you're not watching chelsea-city, call @johncrossmirror now on +44 (0)207 607 3200 and talk to him about guess what? Arsenal, of course!"
@J_Hinds_london @TheCoatHanger1 to be fair - I neither said bridge was some kind of genius or that arsenal should go for him. It was an idea
No clichy v arsenal then
*puts line through 'can city match your invincible team this season?' question for friday's Arsenal press conference *
Congrats to arsenal.com on winning sports website of year. Maybe a glass of champers to the journos whose mixed zone interviews they share?!
And the daily 'media watch' section of the site surely guarantees us a mince pie at the very least at the next arsenal press conference...
Richard Clarke must surely be in line to succeed Arsene Wenger as Arsenal boss after ending club's trophy drought with website of the year.
@JonnyOneill they probably nicked the arsenal chef too!
Podolski drops Arsenal hint and Gunners watch Matias Suarez http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/290059/Lukas-Podolski-drops-availability-hint-to-Arsene-Wenger …
"And please, arsenal fans stop saying 'he signed wilshere on loan, he must be good'. Told you already, loans don't count."
Up bright and early to see mr wenger. Looking forward to the mince pies and champers laid on for journos contribution to arsenal web award.
Well done to @simon_cassDM on reminding me on wenger denying interest in phil jones. That was most annoying. Arsenal are watching pod - fact
Wenger sparks fear of more City sales (also Arsenal and Chelsea boxing day games could be off) http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/290509/Arsene-Wenger-is-worried-Manchester-City-could-steal-more-of-his-star-players …
"To recap, arsenal and chelsea monitoring tube strike v carefully as it could mean posponement of their boxing day games. Decision next week"
@VinceHale story was given to me by arsenal and chelsea gave me a quote. That good enough for you? You make me laugh.
for late risers: Wenger sparks fear of more City sales (also Arsenal and Chelsea boxing day games could be off) http://bit.ly/s16W45 
"Been off today, but really hope that cock who was having a go at my arsenal tubes story on sat has seen the club statement."
Decision on arsenal boxing day game v wolves prob made tomorrow but looking increasingly likely game will be delayed to the 27th
Chelsea not so sure when boxing day game would be replayed if postponed. Arsenal would be 24 hours on Dec 27.
Gibbs injury setback could mean wayne bridge loan for arsenal. More in tomorrow's Express
In today's express: Gibbs injury setback could mean wayne bridge loan for arsenal.
Arsenal will consider bridge loan option if they get bad news on gibbs (read down): http://bit.ly/sI5aAN 
@StockportRed he's talking specifically about tevez in that quote - really think bridge will be granted a loan if arsenal want to take him
"Chelsea Boxing Day game goes ahead, Arsenal decision by 5pm"
Seems arsenal now announcing decision on Boxing Day game tomorrow - waiting for TFL decision which they originally thought would be today
Can understand arsenal's decision to postpone boxing day game for 24 hours - tube strike would have made it a bit of a nightmare
"If you like arsenal and rvp, then get tomoz express. Tribute to his incredible year"
Arsenal manager wenger likely to be forced into loan market after gibbs confirmed out for 4 weeks. Wayne Bridge a real possibility.
Good soundbites from avb and rvp saying chelsea and arsenal still in title race. Load of bollocks though - 2-horse race between city and utd
Early for arsenal open training at the emirates so in the little wonder cafe - which actually is a little wonder.
Today @johncrossmirror has brought his new i-pad to arsenal - no sense out of him all day. I may stamp on it if he keeps going
Signing off for Christmas now. Back for arsenal-wolves. Merry Chrizzler x
I disagree with the opinion getting Arsenal in top 4 this season would be 1 of Wenger's best achievements. But it will be his best recovery
@johncrossmirror @tomEurosport 6 min arsenal player interview after game. Number of questions from arsenal web man: 0. Yet they run the int
"@Moose_talkSPORT arsenal-qpr, fulham-arsenal. I would use sky go more but being a villa fan I would rather not watch these days!"
My Arsenal v Wolves report (Attwell wins no friends) http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/292249/Arsenal-1-Wolves-1-Stuart-Attwell-taking-the-Mick- …
For late risers; My Arsenal v Wolves report (Attwell wins no friends) http://bit.ly/sVp2xw 
Arsenal squad want Henry return (he was at training ground yesterday and is thought to be warming to the idea) http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/292420/Arsene-Wenger-urged-to-re-sign-Thierry-Henry …
From earlier: Arsenal squad want Henry return (he was at training ground yesterday and is warming to the idea) http://bit.ly/vJdIN4 
"Thierry Henry - he says 'oui,oui'. Read what his new york red bulls strike partner makes of Henry's Arsenal loan in tomorrow's Express."
Henry says 'yes' to become Arsenal's new no12 http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/292584/Thierry-Henry-is-back-to-fire-Arsenal- …
For sleepy types: Henry says 'yes' to become Arsenal's new no12 http://bit.ly/tBOLP9 
Brilliant article by @matt_barlow_dm on robin van persie and his artist dad bob in the daily mail today. Must read for arsenal fans
"@joeman4ever sorry, arsenal"
Best non-journo arsenal news story #ff @jamiedalton82 (vermaelen new contract)
Arsenal ask for extension option to make it the perfect ending for Henry http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/292767/Spur-for-Gunner-Thierry-Henry …
"@KevSabuniPhotog @Arsenal Ha, ha, no. I'm not sure I'd get many stories if I relied on my good looks!"
@Charliewyett on rock n roll football on absolute radio NOW. This man is so rock n roll he snorts his arsenal ben and jerry's ice cream
An honour to sit with celebrity arsenal reporter @johncrossmirror today #starstruck
I'll accept the thanks of all arsenal fans on behalf of aston villa #whoopwhoop
Arsenal player of 2011 has to be robin van persie but honourable mention should go to laurent koscielny who has proved a lot of us wrong.
Arsenal go fourth but Wenger says team must fight for the top of the League to keep Van Persie http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/293095/Arsenal-1-QPR-0-It-s-year-we-go-to-keep-robin-Van-Persie …
I don't know this - but I just have a hunch van persie will start for arsenal again today
Such a strange 2nd half performance from arsenal but credit to fulham who showed great spirit and have some good players. I like ruiz
"Just watched the arsenal game again. Wenger's bonkers if he doesn't think djourou should have walked. Djourou was naïve, not the ref."
I agree arsenal should have had a penalty but they also should have killed the game themselves in the 1st half. They ran out of steam
"@ObumOsigwe stuart atwell was far worse in wolves game, but, oh hang on that didn't affect arsenal did it?"
Stuart atwell was far worse in wolves game than Lee probert last night. Only difference atwell's decisions cost wolves and not arsenal.
Wenger's team selection and anger last night tells me he thought arsenal were in the title race had they won.
Wonder what arsenal would've said if barca announced signing of cesc before deal had been signed off or posted pic of him in a barca shirt?
Arsenal fans angry with me - but there can't have been a more blatant tapping up than this thierry henry loan deal. I just find it amusing
"Correct, red bulls are happy with it but they might not have been. Just think it's ironic given arsenal complaints on barca and man city"
@ArsenalFCView it's an opinion - just like my 700-word opinion last week on why spurs are still miles behind arsenal #antiarsenalmyarse
"Must say, spurs fans far more reasoned when I wrote 700-word opinion piece in paper on why arsenal are still ahead of them..."
I'm not an arsenal fan so it's prob only natural we won't agree on everything. But please don't abuse or start going on about 'anti-arsenal'
"@Miss__Arsenal nothing to explain. It's my opinion, which, apparently, I'm not allowed to express."
@GoonerGossip see my reply to miss arsenal. Staggered an opinion can cause such outrage.
@Miss__Arsenal why are you now bullying people who have a different opinion to you?
@Miss__Arsenal they did. Song and RvP are on record as saying they tried to convince henry to sign....
"@Miss__Arsenal you can't call an opinion wrong, you can only disagree with it"
"@Miss__Arsenal said arsenal would have gone mad if same had happened with cesc, which they would."
@Miss__Arsenal how do you decide which words you cap up?
@ArsenalFCView @miss__arsenal no doubt u will argue this http://bit.ly/x2a8dP 
"@ArsenalFCView @miss__arsenal RVP: ""Everyone has been working on him over the last couple of weeks."""
@ArsenalFCView @miss__arsenal http://bit.ly/ys5Utn 
@Miss__Arsenal don't confuse twitter with journalism. These are just my opinions
@ArsenalFCView @miss__arsenal but you see players were on record on the issue? You asked me to show you.
@Miss__Arsenal yes. Every club does it. Just wish arsenal didn't pretend they dont
"@Miss__Arsenal stop using caps, please. It's tapping up if the players are telling them to join, not if they are discussing Eastenders"
@Miss__Arsenal that's fine - I think we'll have to agree to disagree which really isn't the end of the world
"@ArsenalFCView no, not at all. I really have no problem with people disagreeing just don't get abuse and anti-arsenal blah blah"
"@Miss__Arsenal don't worry, you're a pussycat in comparison to many on here. Enjoy the debate."
@Miss__Arsenal sorry. I actually followed you by accident. Pressed the wrong button. I'll give you a one-day trial and then review decision
"@yenbig2008 @Miss__Arsenal err, norman - sounds like you're a dirty old man"
Arsenal forced to shelve plans to play henry in ressies against sunderland today because paperwork on his loan still not complete
Szczesny calls Arsenal 'childish'/Henry ressie plan shelved http://www.express.co.uk/football/view/293498/Szczesny-Tiredness-led-us-to-behave-like-children- …
Arsenal have not made a loan bid for kieran richardson or had one rejected.
"Been accused of being anti-arsenal for saying man utd are in a better position to finish in the top four. Err, they are 2nd and arsenal 5th."
"@DickinsonTimes similar with arsenal - people saying it would be wenger's finest achievement to get this team in top four. Again, it wouldnt"
"A lot of the criticisms of united are the same as arsenal have faced for a while - lack of leaders, dodgy keepers, lack of signings, etc etc"
@UsmanWahabHabib @JamieDalton82 how do u expect transfer news when it takes arsenal a week to try to sign someone they've had for a month?!?
Arsenal staging transfer deadline day test run to try to get Henry signed for Leeds game on Monday. Talks to go on through the night...
Wenger's plans in limbo as Arsenal bid to register Henry http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/293866/Thierry-Henry-s-FA-Cup-return-in-doubt …
Told it's touch and go whether arsenal get this done in time for henry to face leeds. Why has it gone down to last minute?
Full story on arsenal's scramble to tie up henry deal and wenger's leeds plans http://bit.ly/xinnGh 
"Think all parties now hopeful arsenal will get henry signed off by noon - been some progress. Will literally go to the wire, though"
Henry done - can play for arsenal v leeds - 35 minbs to spare until deadline. Never in doubt!
Henry arsenal deal initially runs to feb 16 with option to extend to feb 26 so he could make final farewell v tottenham
@Miss__Arsenal no offence - I liked a lot of your tweets but you retweet a lot of internet rumours and they we're clogging my timeline!
@LadGooner all I know for sure is arsenal have scouted him
Giggs inspires Henry who Arsenal will reg 4 Champs Lg http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/294126/Thierry-Henry-inspired-by-Ryan-Giggs-vision …
Interesting news that emerged from Chelsea yesterday that Arsenal have shown an interest in Kalou. Wenger liked him for a long time
@Arsenal_RTs there's no way I'm granting my Fred Perry a transfer: Law issues hands off wrning to rivals!
Transfer bits - WBA to bid £4m for Peter Whittingham (Fulham interested too). McEachran to join Swansea on loan ahead of Arsenal match.
Other stuff - WBA to bid £4m for Peter Whittingham (Fulham interested too). McEachran to join Swansea on loan ahead of Arsenal match.
"Why are Arsenal fans still obsessed with Nasri? Forget him, he's an irrelevance."
@Miss__Arsenal it's unsettling and not v classy - but not direct tapping up. Not having a big debate on this as we'll go round and round!
@Miss__Arsenal thanks Lord Sugar
@Miss__Arsenal do you like going round and round? You quoted 'FM12' to me - more dangerous than drugs that game is
@Miss__Arsenal will u get the hump if I ignore your tweets on this? Just finished work and looking to relax. Anything different to discuss?
@Miss__Arsenal busy thanks. And I was tired after last night. But it was a brilliant brilliant moment to witness
@Miss__Arsenal said it earlier - the pic of wenger and henry embracing will be the image of the season for me. Really felt pleased for weng
@Miss__Arsenal they will try v hard to keep him for that (that's why option is in the contract) and suspect henry will want it....
@Miss__Arsenal but it is ultimately the decision of red bulls and hard to call what they will think
"@Miss__Arsenal not there, can't see it - but never say never"
Henry's Spur to stay longer - plus Arsenal's left-back search latest: http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/294920/Thierry-Henry-I-have-spur-to-stay-longer …
@ArsenalPie how did arsenal do at home to wolves? Not easy when going for top spot.
@ArsenalPie you obviously don't actually read anything I write. Never said spurs are better than arsenal or tipped arsenal for relegation
"@RorySmithTimes totally agree mate - very impressed with him and think he'd be perfect for liv, arsenal or spurs"
Steven Fletcher being touted by @rorysmithtimes as good signing for liverpool. What about Arsenal? I think he'd be a v good choice.
@johnnie_jackson steven fletcher - would you have him at arsenal? V good and underrated striker in my opinion.
I was told on thursday that henry has 30 minutes in him. Starts a sub today - wonder if arsenal will need all 30 minutes?
Brendan Rodgers doing super job at swansea - really good team to watch. Injuries caught up with Arsenal. Trying to muddle through too risky
@toongooner @johncrossmirror you're wrong - fletcher is also better than anything arsenal have in reserve up front. V underrated
@DarrenArsenal1 wenger is still comfortably the best performer of all in a management role at arsenal. If he goes it gets worse b4 better
A must for arsenal fans tonight: RT @johncrossmirror #afc please join me on Arsenal Fans' Forum tonight at 7.30pm.
@thegmanN17 focus on arsenal because that's who I report on and majority of followers arsenal fans. Not a lover of big eck or his style
Henry injury scare for Arsenal http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/296402/Thierry-Henry-battles-to-face-Manchester-United …
Wenger and Arsenal players lose patience with Arshavin http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/296403/Andrey-Arshavin-fairytale-over-now- …
For later risers: Henry injury scare for Arsenal http://bit.ly/ybGlK8 
One more for the later risers: Wenger and Arsenal players lose patience with Arshavin http://bit.ly/xP3rZq 
Tottenham move early on Lennon to avoid an 'Arsenal situation' http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/296612/Tottenham-learn-from-Arsenal-mistakes …
Tottenham move early on Lennon future to avoid an 'Arsenal situation' http://bit.ly/xlkDU3 
@JonnyOneill @SamRJHyde Sol gets an honourable mention. I'm afraid Arsenal and Spurs have swapped roles at the mo in terms of housekeeping
@JonnyOneill @SamRJHyde @brett_leverton it must have got bad - arsenal fans resorting to taking the piss villa won't make the europa. Jesus!
"@SamRJHyde @JonnyOneill @brett_leverton agree, covering arsenal in the europa would be shit. Trying to block that thought out."
Arteta out of man u game is a big blow for arsenal and there are still concerns over henry.
Andre Villas-Boas wants Chelsea to have a feeder team? Only fair given Manchester City have already got Arsenal.
Also strong words from Arsene Wenger about where Arsenal currently find themselves.
Wenger warns anything but the top 4 for Arsenal is a disaster and says Fergie will outlast him http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/297031/Disaster …
Henri Lansbury talks about Arsenal's worst day when they lost 8-2 at Old Trafford and how his Man Utd mates reacted http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/297021/Henri-Lansbury-It-s-my-worst-day-in-football …
@danp1895 He'd love to stay - he's a proper Arsenal fan
Great nasri interview by @oliverkaytimes - backs up what I heard that there was a stage when he'd have signed contract but arsenal delayed
@pjbish @oliverkaytimes I've previously heard it from elsewhere inside arsenal. I think it's true
@DarrenArsenal1 exactly - was embarrassed he brought up that 'paranoia league' that had arsenal second. He's far better than that
My Arsenal 1 Man Utd 2 match report: http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/297403/Arsenal-1-Manchester-United-2-Danny-Welbeck-late-show-nicks-it …
Great article by my colleague @JohnDillonExprs on where Arsenal and Wenger find themselves http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/297401/Could-this-be-the-beginning-of-the-end-of-the-Arsene-Wenger-regime- …
Arsenal players point the finger at each other http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/297622/Blame-game-for-Arsenal …
Once more: Arsenal players point the finger at each other http://bit.ly/AcGR61 
"@JamieDalton82 there is a book called 'the tipping point', which, if related to arsenal now, makes an awful lot of sense"
@JamieDalton82 said it before - wenger makes mistakes but is still easily the best performer in a management position at Arsenal
"Been getting loads of questions about various arsenal rumours today. I've had a day off, so no idea! Read the papers."
Arsenal waiting on results of a scan to find out whether Wilshere has suffered a serious injury setback. Hopefully Wenger will tell more
@johnnie_jackson haha - doubt it. Will be tense if arsenal start slowly though
@johnnie_jackson I think 2-1 arsenal - villa to take the lead and lots of people to boo!
FA Cup draw before the Arsenal-Villa game kicks off. Great competition spoiled by ridiculous scheduling by FA and TV #keepitsimple
"@harryantino @DarrenArsenal1 hat-trick v croatia, took barca apart as sub, over 100 arsenal apps, mores assists for rvp than anyone else"
"Think henry, arteta and sagna all on a strong bench for arsenal today. Ox and RvP to start"
Predictable crowing from Arsenal fans on my timeline - prob from same ones who booed at h/t
Captain Van-tastic rescues Arsenal but McLeish says he should be banned http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/298926/Back-from-the-brink …
Manchester City would 'love' to be in our position claims Arsenal chief exec Ivan Gazidis. Err.... http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/299135/-Manchester-City-are-jealous-of-us-Arsenal-chief-s-amazing-claim …
One more for late risers: Man City would 'love' to be in our position claims Arsenal chief exec Ivan Gazidis. Err.... http://bit.ly/yId6Su 
"Off to tottenham-wigan later and not expecting a repeat of the august deadline day when Arsenal were busy, busy, busy."
@RussJefferys at least u can go to bed in oz safe in the knowledge u won't miss anything exciting at arsenal!
"@JamieDalton82 @JWTelegraph no, cause in arsenal world gervinho will come back from acon and the ox is now ready."
"Good transfer day for QPR, Everton and West Ham. Unsure on Tottenham and unsurprised on Arsenal. Generally uninspired by Villa."
Arshavin's Arsenal escape route http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/299359/Andrey-Arshavin-offered-Russian-escape-route …
I'm off tomorrow. I know arsenal fans are annoyed with draw but it's not crisis thursday is it? Cmon give me a day off - that's what matters
"But, hey, I'm sure giving season ticket holders 'free' access to arsenal player will convince everyone to renew no matter where club finish"
"@ARSENALDvbrisG I report on arsenal. Never see my criticise any other club? What about the one I support, villa?"
@ARSENALDvbrisG that's your opinionm which is fine. But if you don't want to hear my opinions on arsenal the easiest thing to do is unfollow
"Right, just left for arsenal. It's bloody cold just wearing this binbag - hey ho, could have been worse. Could have been a ballbag protest."
"Today's arsenal marks: ws 6, fc 7, lk 6, pm 6, tv 7, as 7, ma 7, tw 9, tr 8, aoc 9, rvp 9."
Tempting just to give every arsenal player 7 and every blackburn player 1 but that would be immature. And I am not immature.
Arsenal provide Capello with two reasons to be cheerful http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/300376/Arsenal-7-Blackburn-1-Take-Ox-to-the-Euros- …
"Are all arsenal fans supporting tottenham tonight, then?"
I haven't found a single Arsenal fan supporting Tottenham tonight. Would love to know who Wenger is cheering for.
@Official_Henri good thanks - helped that arsenal won a game! How are things with @thebig_sam ?
"If I was a sunderland fan, I would see tonight's game as bigger than last week's against Arsenal and yet most of them have stayed at home"
Did Arsenal really reward Johan Djourou with a new contract recently? It's like walking out your house and putting money down the drain.
@MartinHolleran but at arsenal a 4th choice centre back has to play at least 30 games. He's not up to it.
@Brett_leverton not really the point - unless you want Arsenal to go the same way as villa. Which is a bad way!
Wedding trip puts Arsenal spotlight on Gazidis http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/303303/Arsenal-fans-turn-on-CEO-Ivan-Gazidis …
For those who weren't up at 4am: Wedding trip puts Arsenal spotlight on Gazidis http://bit.ly/Awvypw 
"Arsenal consider game of brinkmanship with Van Persie, while fans say 'show us the money' http://bit.ly/xg4Shi "
Sat with a Chelsea fan at naples airport who is convinced Arsenal will finish above them in fourth.
"This has been a killer week. Chelsea, England and Arsenal. The crisis hat-trick. I'm tired. Can everyone stop being in crisis please?"
Stan kroenke to risk wrath of arsenal fans but season ticket prices frozen http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/304091/Stan-Kroenke-risks-incurring-the-wrath-of-angry-Arsenal-fans …
Brave call from @henrywinter to only put Robin van Persie in his combined Arsenal-Spurs team on this season's form. I'll tweet mine next
"Combined Arsenal-Spurs this season team; Szczesny; Sagna, King, Koscielny, Assou-Ekotto; Walcott, Parker, Modric, Bale; Van Persie, Adebayor"
How Arsenal are making the Tottenham mistakes of old http://bit.ly/wuybYr 
Mixed reaction to this one: How Arsenal are making the Tottenham mistakes of old http://bit.ly/wuybYr 
And according to Van Persie it's ONLY about Arsenal Football Club - so much so he can't sign a new contract. Err...
Stan Kroenke not at the Emirates today. Decided against watching Arsenal-Spurs in the end. He has sent a personal good luck message to team
Hear Walcott defo plays for Arsenal today so either Ox or Gerv on the bench?
So no Ox or Gerv starting for Arsenal today. Hmmm.
The man dressed as robin from batman shouldn't have been let in #arsenal
Arsenal 'fan' near me shouting 'snap him' every time Bale gets the ball.
Wenger's put his big coat on and arsenal have woken up a bit. This game still wide open.
Mental game. Arsenal proudly displaying their bollocks.
I told you Arsenal would win 5-2.
"@tomEurosport err, over 100 apps for arsenal, played regular champs league and England - aged 22. Not bad"
"People who question what walcott has achieved: regular for arsenal, champs league football, senior international - aged 22. Not bad."
Walcott embodies Arsenal comeback http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/304742/Arsenal-5-Tottenham-2-Idiot-Walcott-s-their-hero-now …
My take on Arsenal-Tottenham: Walcott embodies Arsenal comeback http://bit.ly/wthnw6 
"@TheRealGunner @1Walid voicing frustration is much different to openly abusing a player, which some arsenal fans openly do to walcott"
@TheRealGunner @1Walid I'd argue eboue was only turned into a cult hero because arsenal fans were ashamed of those who used to boo him
LOVE the fact Arsenal announced their profits today. I bet any money it would have been weds (day of england game) if they had lost v spurs
Busy busy day on england and arsenal.
@JamieDalton82 @johncrossmirror why are Arsenal fans obsessed with Gareth Bale? It reminds me how Spurs fans used to be about Arsenal stars
I know Purslow not at Liverpool now but I could understand him talking about their finances - not arsenal's. How can he know anything?
Arsenal make Podolski move http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/305114/Arsenal-eyeing-Lukas-Podolski-deal …
@henrikausw my job is to report on Arsenal!
@JonnyOneill @charliewyett love the way Arsenal fans see you as some sort of twitter journo policeman jonny. I regularly get 'grassed' to u
Terrible cold so it's Liverpool-Arsenal in bed for me today + keeping up with Blackburn-Villa. I fear Villa won't make me feel any better...
I think szczesny has had a dodgy couple of months but he's kept arsenal in this so far. Midfield needs to wake up
Another brilliant save. Think szczesny's found his form again. arsenal drawing but generally awful so far
"This game should already be over. Liverpool v good and much the quicker, arsenal terrible but szczesny brilliant and van persie clinical"
Such a big 6 points for Arsenal. Showed real character in both games as well.
@Arsenal_RTs x
Off to Arsenal tonight. Have I ever been to a more pointless game? Probably not. I don't believe in miracles.
I caught Roberto Di Matteo having a crafty fag after West Brom beat Arsenal at Emirates. Wonder how many he'll get through at St Andrews?
Ive got an arsenal offer; Meet @johncrossmirror enjoy ben and jerrys and go to mixed zone with him at AC Milan dead rubber for free plus VAT
@wrecker19 @johncrossmirror 3 reasons I don't have faith. 1. I'm not an arsenal fan. 2. I don't believe in miracles. And 3. I am not insane.
This is an incredible effort by arsenal so far. Whatever happens from here they can be proud
Wonderful effort from arsenal - they go out with their heads held high
"@bazza_wicks I have a limited number of words. Our back page is on the ref, my report rightly gives arsenal credit."
Arsenal fans would erupt if gael clichy or cesc fabregas was texting RvP about going to City or Barca. Just saying like.
"@johncrossmirror c'mon, I know you're still excited from last night but do stop trying to be arsenal's official cheerleader #pompoms"
"Arsenal 'special' in the Express tomorrow. Extended news, analysis and comment."
Arsenal will offer van Persie 5m bonus to stay with Mancini ready to pounce http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/306779/Arsenal-tempt-Robin-Van-Persie-with-5m-loyalty-bonus-to-stay …
Podolski set for arsenal http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/306772/Lukas-Podolski-appears-to-be-Emirates-bound …
Arsenal's healing process sparked by belief http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/306774/Gunners-firing-up-belief-says-Wojciech-Szczesny …
Graham Taylor on the work to be done at arsenal http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/306776/You-still-need-to-get-rid-of-flops-Arsene-Wenger …
I'll re-post all our 'Arsenal special' stuff and then that's it. I promise
Arsenal will offer van Persie a 5m bonus to stay with Mancini ready to pounce http://bit.ly/AkG2xI 
Podolski is set for arsenal http://bit.ly/wmT26s 
Arsenal's healing process is sparked by belief http://bit.ly/zS6KuR 
Graham Taylor on the work still to be done at arsenal http://bit.ly/x0wUnr 
@SuperCoolEskimo he is the official arsenal columnist - the subject of his column this week is arsenal. Stop bveing disrespectful
"@SuperCoolEskimo ha ha, I mean official Express columnist. Should make him official Arsenal columnist though just to annoy you!"
@DRServen it's my job to report on Arsenal.
Arsenal wise to get Pod agreed before euros. The fear was that a good euros would attract bigger bids. A rare well done from me 2 Ivan Gazza
Podolski turns down 40m anzhi offer in favour of arsenal http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/306998/Lukas-Podolski-My-40m-sacrifice- …
Just off to Arsenal - fully expecting a home win.
Things I get accused of most regularly on here: 1. Being anti-Arsenal. 2. Being an Arsenal fan. Truth is I'm neither.
Arsenal close on Tottenham http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/307827/Arsenal-2-Newcastle-1-Mind-the-gap-Tottenham …
My Arsenal-Newcastle match report http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/307827/Arsenal-2-Newcastle-1-Mind-the-gap-Tottenham …
@paulleat decisions in last two years in particular have been terrible. Even small things like loaning yossi to arsenal.
Off down the road for Tottenham press conference. Assuming if I ask Redknapp 'are u worried about Arsenal' he won't reply 'yeah bricking it'
The man who used to sell 'Arsenal toilet roll' outside White Hart Lane isn't here any more
@christoronyi @MarkG_Arsenal me and Mr G. What fun! Can I still be critical?!?!
Wenger prays to see Muamba's smile - and Arsenal scout M'Vila (again) http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/309284/Arsene-Wenger-We-pray-to-see-his-smile …
No Arsenal pre-Everton press conference so off to Tottenham pre-Stoke today. Tough job 4 Redknapp to get all players in right frame of mind
From earlier: Wenger prays to see Muamba's smile - and Arsenal scout M'Vila (again) http://bit.ly/GACUZ6 
I also don't hope arsenal finish third or hope chelsea finish in top four. Will be exciting to see who finishes where they deserve to
"I wasn't at Arsenal today (day off). But why does anyone, ever bother asking Wenger about transfers? By his own admission he just lies!"
"""@christoronyi: Wanna know what @MattLawExpress thinks of ArsenalvVilla game? Listen to Arsenal America Podcast."" I think we'll get thumped."
@ayofxx @MikelArteta08 read it before slagging - lots of valuable arsenal info in there and not said rvp wants to leave or will leave
@Bosscielny on my behalf?! Can't arsenal at least stuff villa on your behalf?! I don't want to be responsible for it.
"@Arsenal_RTs well said, thanks"
Gotze signs new Dortmund contract. Arsenal will have to pay top dollar if they want him
"@TomJMW haha, think the new contract was an insurance policy for Arsenal but I grant you it was a very odd one!!!"
Arsenal to try again for Joel Campbell work permit http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/311432/Arsenal-set-to-try-again-on-permit-for-Joel-Campbell …
Arsenal will try again for Joel Campbell work permit http://bit.ly/HvW5jF 
"Great turn and finish by taarabt - wakey, wakey Arsenal. They look as bright as I feel #notvery"
Calm finish by Walcott on rebound after he hits post. QPR 1 Arsenal 1
Can see why all those Arsenal fans wanted Wenger to sign Taye Taiwo in January #not
Can't tell if Vermaelen slipped or was out muscled but Mackie did well to set up Diakite to put QPR 2 - 1 up over Arsenal
No surprise Ramsey subbed for Arsenal. Done very little today. Gervinho on.
"Did say it would be tough for Arsenal at QPR today. Great, spirited performance by QPR and deserved win"
Arsenal winning run ends but just need to pick it up again v Man City next week
Bit disappointed Arsenal players only did in-house media today. They've rightly had lots of praise over 7-game winning run #2waystreet
Chamakh sends Arsenal career up in smoke after visit to shisha bar with Taarabt http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/312280/Marouane-Chamakh-has-burnt-bridges …
@GoonerTalk as I say I spoke to arsenal and qpr and two agents about it. No part of the story is false.
@arseblog @shewore @drumgiant @goonertalk I must say I think some of the Arsenal blogs are the best around and I've said so on radio before
@SheWore @arseblog @drumgiant @goonertalk haha I remember that story - arsenal were really annoyed by it!
Chamakh sends his Arsenal career up in smoke after visit to shisha bar with Taarabt http://bit.ly/H5C43y 
Wilshere having weekly Arsenal scans http://bit.ly/HaLtGY 
"Can I assume Arsenal, Tottenham, Chelsea and Liverpool fans would all take Dempsey?"
"So, generally, the fans from Arsenal, Tottenham, Chelsea and Liverpool, they say yes to Dempsey. And Man Utd fans seem to like him too."
Off to Arsenal-City today. City been v negative on last few visits to Emirates but surely have to go on front foot today. Could suit Arsenal
Arsenal were excellent today. It wouldn't have flattered them to have won 3-0.
My Arsenal-City match report: Where have the noisy neighbours gone? http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/313533/Arsenal-1-Manchester-City-0-Mario-Balotelli-makes-all-the-wrong-noises …
Vermaelen says Arsenal players can't walk down the street without being asked to finish ahead of Tottenham http://bit.ly/IFbCw5 
@shaunkrish that's exactly the problem. No foresight from chelsea. Agree yossi not set world alight for arsenal but been key in big wins
@shaunkrish but he has made a difference to Arsenal's cause. Why let a chelsea player help a rival for free? Doesn't make sense
Yossi Benayoun helps Arsenal pull further away from Chelsea. You know my views.
@DarrenArsenal1 if Arsenal were winning 3-0 would u mind rvp scoring an own goal to make it 18 teams?
Loved Van Persie's penalty but it must be put on record that he stole the idea from Dwight Yorke. Even remeber Yorke doing it v Arsenal
No Arsenal for me tonight. I've decamped to Chelsea lately - lots of Barca fun this week.
"@jonsarno michael, I assume you want Arsenal to draw level to help the biggest club and ambassadors of midlands football?"
Is it rude to beep arsenal players when they pull over in their cars to sign autographs on the way out of training?
"Running late so not had time to link. But in express today Gary Cahill interview on messi, rvp, nearly joining arsenal and chelsea"
"A bit late with this: Cahill on Messi, RVP, nearly joining Arsenal and life at Chelsea http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/315693/Gary-Cahill-s-ready-to-rock-with-Robin-after-taming-Leo …"
Wenger sets Gazidis 4-day window to sort out Van Persie's Arsenal future at the end of the season http://www.express.co.uk/football/view/315762/Robin-van-Persie-deadline …
Back at Arsenal today - big selection call from Di Matteo. Interesting to see how Oxlade-Chamberlain gets on
"I see why Arsenal and their fans are v protective of Wilshere but if he's physically fit in time, then he should play in the Olympics IMO."
Off to spurs-blackburn later. Wonder if the arsenal toilet roll man is a) still in buisness and b) brave enough to face the elements...?
Seems the arsenal toilet roll man gets around - I assumed he was a spurs fan but there were sightings of him at Chelsea-Barcelona...
Arsenal toilet roll man not at White Hart Lane today - must have opted for Stamford Bridge.
"So cologne confirm podolski's arsenal move? Yawn, we've all known that for months. V good signing tho"
RT @arsenal: Tom Watt and John Cross on the Fans' Forum are discussing their ideal midfield three for next season. Who would you play?
Really hope @johncrossmirror has sorted the big issue of the night and picked arsenal's perfect midfield 3 for the fans' forum
Arsenal confirm Podolski and now look to tie up Vertonghen http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/317480/Lukas-Podolski-the-first-signing-for-Arsene-Wenger …
@JoshHawksworth djourou and squillaci the guys Arsenal are trying hard to shift. Wenger wants 4 top class cbs
From earlier: Arsenal confirm Podolski and now look to tie up Vertonghen http://bit.ly/Jywdqo 
@rodgerk1 @Arsenal_Page that's true but I was only offering up a counter argument to all the redknapp critics. Hodgson is a good coach
Arsenal's boost in bid to keep Van Persie http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/318100/Robin-Van-Persie-in-move-to-stay-at-Arsenal …
Manchester City's 20million valuation boosts Arsenal's bid to keep Van Persie http://bit.ly/IO0k9s 
Everyone connected with Arsenal needs to chill out. Everything feels v nervy around the Emirates. Norwich playing well.
"Don't worry Arsenal fans, Tottenham have to go to (ahem) fortress Villa Park tomorrow. Champions League in the bag."
Arsenal v  v lucky. Def penalty when Coquelin takes out Hoolahan and could have been pen when Koscielny pulls Martin's shirt.
That should have been a pen for Arsenal. Naughton pushed Van Persie
It's become tradition that things go wrong on Arsenal lap of honour day.
Why does Arsenal's new kit look like an old Manchester United kit?
"Disappointed no Arsenal players would speak today but Ivan Gazidis was very polite and pleasant, despite the fact I've been a critic. Kudos"
@MarkG_Arsenal great vid and great song choice. Who at arsenal is a fan of @theriflesband ?
Song set to meet Wenger over his Arsenal future http://www.express.co.uk/football/view/318976/Alex-Song-to-seek-reassurances-on-his-future-as-Arsenal-target-Yann-M-Vila …
"Arsenal, Spurs and Manchester United battle for Kagawa http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/319421/Arsenal-and-Spurs-in-race-to-sign-Shinji-Kagawa …"
"My big game predictions: Man City 2 QPR 0, Stoke 1 Bolton 1, WBA 0 Arsenal 3, Tottenham 2 Fulham 0, Everton 1 Newcastle 2, Norwich 2 Villa 0"
@johncrossmirror frivolous appeal - Henry should have 50 more goals taken off. Should we appeal that Arsenal r awarded 38 wins this season?!
@chrislepkowski @davidlawtennis I wasn't looking to make an issue of this. If Arsenal are not more motivated than WBA then something wrong
Incredible achievement for Arsenal to finish third after their start to season. Gives them a great chance to strengthen which must be taken
Ox has done well for Arsenal when he has played but it's largely promise and he is still extremely naive. Let him develop and play Olympics.
@KingyGooner still arsenal but also a wider brief.
Following slight web glitch - no amount of money can keep RvP at Arsenal if they don't show real ambition http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/exclusive-arsenal-fear-robin-van-848793 …
"@artfuljobber can't talk to press about arsenal contract, as it says in article. New interview"
@DarrenArsenal1 @philmcnulty pretty sure Arteta's contract will have contained a renegotiation clause if Arsenal got CL football
Fair play to Ivan G (regulate) 4 fronting up to Arsenal fans. He may not have been mega revealing but at least he's giving time and respect
Final word on this: All the Arsenal fans I know would love Redknapp to leave Tottenham because they think it would make them weaker.
Arsenal doing what they should have done last season and chasing/signing targets regardless of RvP....
"Things I have written about. Tottenham, Arsenal, Chelsea, Sunderland, England. Sunday Mirror."
"@DanSilverMirror big ones tottenham manager, tottenham general overview, arsenal, england."
What M'Vila said on Monday after England-France when ut Arsenal http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-target-yann-mvila-has-admitted-887137 …
Arsenal fans may have missed this but in one of my Tottenham articles today it states that Spurs have tried twice to pinch Steve Rowley
@MartinLipton @rickyrusby @garythegooner56 should add steve stammers' arsenal sources are extremely good.
Probably does Arsenal a favour that Holland are out in terms of RvP's future *should* be confirmed a bit quicker.
"Good business by Arsenal to get Podolski and Giroud. But if they sell Van Persie, the squad will be weaker - not stronger or even the same."
Chelsea and PSG to test Arsenal resolve to keep Walcott http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/theo-walcott-in-demand-chelsea-and-psg-946788 …
@ObumOsigwe @johncrossmirror @arsenal steve works for the Sunday mirror and Crossy has written that man city need to sell b4 buying RvP.
"@ObumOsigwe @johncrossmirror @arsenal Obum, you are a very strange man."
Chelsea and PSG to test Arsenal's resolve to keep Walcott. Some at club want to sell http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/theo-walcott-in-demand-chelsea-and-psg-946788 …
Any Arsenal fans who have abused me over my Ledley King opinion have also abused Thierry Henry because he agrees with me. So there.
So RVP says he wants to win trophies and doesn't agree with direction of Arsenal. He also says he will not sign a new contract. #time2sell
I got a right kicking from Arsenal fans over this story but it seems it was true http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/exclusive-arsenal-fear-robin-van-848793 …
"Given Van Persie's statement, I believe Arsenal should sell as quickly as possible - even if it's to Manchester City"
I think Van Persie has been advised terribly by his agent Kees Vos to release this statement. Very disrespectful to Arsenal.
Arsenal driving spec they are looking 4 RVP's replacement RT @arsenal Find out which 3 strikers Arsenal have been linked with in Media Watch
In case you missed it Arsenal Player of the Year Marton Fulop is set to join Asteras Tripolis in Greece. Via @chrislepkowski
@Mike_Arsenal most kind
"@jimmyjackhaynes bit of a broader role now, but will still be an arsenal regular"
RVP set to go on Arsenal tour unless City make big bid this week and find out who may not go http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfer-news-robin-van-1143076 …
"RVP will go on Arsenal tour unless Man City or Juve make big bid this week, but find out who may not go to Asia http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfer-news-robin-van-1143076 …"
"@arsenalsean66 sorry, wrong reply! Barca want to sell afellay and some in arsenal think he'd be a good signing. Unsure on rvp"
"@SportsPRCompany I know arsenal don't win many trophies, but that is really clutching at straws!"
Looks like Man City have tabled a bid in time to stop RvP going on Arsenal tour. Unsure on reports of Juve and Utd bids but v real interest.
"With bids now coming in for RvP, Arsenal are right to leave him in England and try to get the whole situation sorted out asap."
@kdave_arsenal @bbcsport_david I didn't doubt david's info but said City bid is the only one I defo know about.
Take Juve out of the equation and there is an argument that Arsenal would be better to sell RvP to City than Utd...
"Realistically, Arsenal already can't compete with City but are not too far off Utd both on pitch and financially. So why strengthen Utd?"
"Just my opinion that currently United are possibly catchable for Arsenal, whereas City probably arent so worse to sell star player to United"
I am going to insult everyone's intelligence now by claiming my last tweets were in no way connected to Arsenal or RVP. Just a general point
@JonnyOneill @northbanklower @timpayton sure whatever wenger/arsenal said/did on this would provoke opinion.
Wanna listen to me talking to @georgiebingham about RVP/Arsenal/ManchesterUtd/Spurs/Villa and Alan Hutton? http://www.talksport.co.uk/radio/transfer-talk-show/120721/law-wenger-will-spend-rvp-money-attacking-midfielder-177101 …?
And read Steve Stammers on Bendtner's future and Arsenal's Cazorla bid http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfer-news-nicklas-bendtner-1153099 …
My colleague Steve Stammers today reports AC Milan and Galatasaray in for 7.5m-rated Bendtner and Arsenal have made a bid for Santi Cazorla
@BumperGraham problem is Arsenal will bid about 10p and then moan when utd/city/juve won't pay 30m for rvp.
Most journalists who cover Arsenal and a lot of Arsenal fans already have an automatic Wenger decoder for his little messages and meanings.
@simon_cassDM and Arsenal will bid 10p!
"@JamieDalton82 his m'vila quote is the hardest to decode. His reasoning doesn't make sense, as Arsenal had all those midfielders when..."
Good to see Koscielny rewarded for a very good second season at Arsenal. Out-performed Vermaelen last term and 2nd only to RvP...
@Arsenal Robin van Persie?
Although I hear Arsenal's pre-season tour to Asia has been very good!
I tell a lie - I covered Cologne v Arsenal last year. And that was meaningless rubbish. Hadn't done one for ages before that
"@Matt_Barlow_DM thanks, enjoy Arsenal v FC Kitchen."
Southampton make shock Walcott enquiry but Arsenal hope to keep him. Cazorla and Sahin news too http://www.mirror.co.uk/incoming/southampton-bid-to-bring-theo-walcott-1180296 …
Southampton make shock Walcott enquiry but Arsenal to resume contract talks. Cazorla and Sahin news too http://www.mirror.co.uk/incoming/southampton-bid-to-bring-theo-walcott-1180296 …
Ridiculous in my opinion that Arsenal may have to arrange another friendly as team not properly prepared for new season...
Levy in danger of making same mistake on Modric as Arsenal did with Cesc if he let's this go on much longer. It's leaving the squad in limbo
Spoken to a few football people this week who are amazed Arsenal have pulled off the Cazorla deal without him being nicked by a rival club
Wonder what RvP is thinking? Put out statement and still hasn't left while in meantime Arsenal pull off a serious coup. He looks a bit silly
"Realise football not the first thing on people's minds but I've written about Arsenal, Tottenham, Man City and Chelsea in the Sunday Mirror"
Barca will bid for Song but Arsenal want to keep him and are set to announce Cazorla early this week and tie up Sahin http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/bacelona-set-for-15m-move-for-arsenal-1219092 …
Manuel Almunia on his Arsenal regrets and needing to feel loved again http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/manuel-almunia-says-he-would-still-1218506 …
"Back in the game. Well, back in the country at least. Back working from tomorrow at Arsenal v Sunderland. Love first day of football season"
I'm at Arsenal-Sunderland today. So much depends on how quickly foreign imports settle for Arsenal this season. Must hit ground running.
@simon_cassDM @johncrossmirror morning cass and cross. Song only good business if Arsenal buy in a better replacement. Otherwise stupid deal
@johncrossmirror great move if Arsenal are a bank. Otherwise not a great move until a replacement signed. See u later for more Songaldinho x
Diaby has started well for Arsenal today. Will be a huge plus if he can stay injury free
My Arsenal v Sunderland match report http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/arsenal-0-0-sunderland-gunners-fail-1262178 …
Going for a Song - Arsenal choose to sell Song instead of giving him a pay rise http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfer-news-gunners-agree-1267962 …
"@johncrossmirror @timpayton yep, also a v good point. S'pose all depends who Arsenal now bring in."
@Arsenal_RTs yes. Massively
Will b interesting to see Sahin at Arsenal. Huge talent at Dortmund but barely played for Madrid. Wenger disappointed with creativity on Sat
It may be 1 out 1 in at Arsenal but Sahin not a like for like replacement for Song. More similar to Wilshere.
Good luck to Alex Song at Barca. Shame the way it ended at Arsenal as I found him polite and he seemed to genuinely love Arsenal and Wenger
"Moyes - works on budget, survives selling best players, spots a bargain, brings through youth and overachieves. Err, that's Arsenal job spec"
Lots of talk about Arsenal and defensive midfielders since Song exit. I'm not sure Wenger likes the premise of a 'defensive midfielder'..
@Soupy_Arsenal they love Leandro Damaio but he may prove too expensive
Arsenal's reluctance to agree permanent deal for sahin after loan suggests they are far from sure about him. So why try to sign him at all?
@AlCapone52 my info is different to other info but how do you know I'm wrong? I've heard Arsenal don't want to commit to permanent agreement
"Whether Sahin goes to Liverpool or Arsenal, my info has always been that Wenger has never been 100 per cent convinced about the deal."
@ObumOsigwe I think Arsenal fourth and Villa 13th.
@ObumOsigwe tipped Arsenal for FA Cup too
@stewiemassey I tweeted that last Monday when the Arsenal move looked on. Obviously things changed you tool.
@Redmanmike that was tweeted on Monday when move to Arsenal was on. Things change.
This time last year I called Arsenal and Ivan Gazza useless for holding out too long on cesc and nasri and not getting in replacements first
@knoller2 no. I tweeted last week I'd be interested to see him play for them. He was v close to joining arsenal but good lfc signing now
Arsenal to make ambitious bid for Tiote and Yanga-Mbiwa http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-plan-15m-raid-for-newcastle-1279386 …
My bet is Walcott left out because not signed a new contract yet and Arsenal playing hard-ball. Risky move if I'm right.
Surprised Stoke didn't come out the blocks a bit quicker but that could be because Arsenal and Diaby dealing v well with their threat so far
@northbanklower @timpayton @darrenarsenal1 fully expect bid to be made on tiote but would be quite surprised if Arsenal met asking price
A song for Theo - maybe Cape Cod is code for Arsenal http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abNc1gLig3s&feature=youtube_gdata_player …
@johncrossmirror what is arsenal's squad strong enough for though? To finish top 4 - probably. To win something - probably not.
"Moutinho would be perfect for Arsenal, as well as Tottenham."
"Arsenal have done quite well, despite frustration at not getting a DM. Cazorla a super signing. Despite Berba I worry for Fulham"
Arsenal face new battle over Walcott with five clubs (including City and Liverpool) waiting to make January move http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfer-news-juventus-and-inter-1296157 …
Are Arsenal playing in purple today? I actually quite like it.
This may have got a bit lost on Sunday and only got tagged on bottom of my Walcott story but Arsenal working on new deals for Sagna + Gibbs
Arsenal have set an internal rule that anybody in final two years must be signed up - or risk being sold. No problem on Sagna or Gibbs
I reckon tough games for Arsenal and Tottenham this weekend which means they will both win 10-0
@Gingers4Limpar @arsenal andre santos?
@philmcnulty great point by an arsenal fan - so on that basis do you stick with mannone over szczesny after 3 clean sheets? Not for me.
Also hope Giroud gets off the mark for Arsenal tonight.
Good win for Arsenal. Any win away from home in Europe is a v good result.
"@johncrossmirror c'mon then who's your top 4? Mine is city, utd, chelsea, arsenal. Spurs 6th"
Want me to jinx your club? Ok I will...I fancy Arsenal to get a result at Manchester City and I also think Liverpool will beat United.
Chelsea not the best today but a win's a win. Will need to be far better against Arsenal next week. Need the 'good' Torres to turn up.
My interview with Arsenal's Abou Diaby http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/manchester-city-v-arsenal-abou-1338580 …
My interview with Abou Diaby ahead of Arsenal's game at Manchester City http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/manchester-city-v-arsenal-abou-1338580 …
Thought Arsenal were the better team today. Very encouraging for them. City don't look quite right at the moment.
@kdjwilson I said Arsenal to get a result at City so I'm claiming one out of two.
"Saying that, I am a massive fan of Walcott and I think he's been harshly treated by Arsenal and Wenger. They'll miss him if he goes."
Apologies to @johncrossmirror but I've done my web column on Arsenal this week. I'll link it when it goes 'live'.
"Arsenal's fans are pleasantly merry, but now they want to get smashed. Beers on Wenger? http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-accounts-could-reveal-arsene-1342840 …"
@AFCAMDEN thanks - I'd love wenger to have a real go for it if Arsenal are in touch in Jan
@JamieDalton82 Would love him to have a real go for it if Arsenal are in touch come Jan.
@danwgooner history would say he will be cautious but you never know if Arsenal are really in the hunt.
A bit of post-lunchtime reading: Arsenal fans fancy a dance but will Wenger get the beers in? http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-accounts-could-reveal-arsene-1342840 …
@Sanks_Arsenal thanks v much
"Arsenal saying sell-out expected for Cov game tonight. Even if it's not quite the 60,000 they always claim, still very impressive support."
Strange how Arsenal fans annually embrace League Cup and chance to watch youngsters while other fans get annoyed by it and stay away.
"@MattHughesTimes ha, I like the guy I retweeted who said all the city and utd fans go to Arsenal League Cup games to see their future stars."
Realise this is odd but aerial view of the Ryder Cup fairways remind me of the old JVC yellow diamond Arsenal away kit. #obsurelookalikes
Boos of Arsenal fans for JT drowned out by a pin dropping - they were that loud. #quietbooing
Terry at fault for that Arsenal equaliser.
"Enjoyed today's game at Arsenal. Two good teams, one bad defence on the day. Doubt I'll enjoy the Ryder Cup as much #goingtogetthrashed"
My Arsenal-Chelsea match report - not a week for the defence: http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/arsenal-1-2-chelsea-set-piece-goals-1259365 …
"Interview with Roy Carroll on Olympiakos, Arsenal, the Battle of the Buffet and that Tottenham non-goal http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/champions-league-arsenal-vs-olympiakos-1350185 …"
"Roy Carroll interview on Olympiakos, Arsenal, the Battle of the Buffet and that Tottenham non-goal http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/champions-league-arsenal-vs-olympiakos-1350185 …"
@SamWallaceIndy media cloud? Interesting. Arsenal official website were live tweeting 'Wilshere's big return' yesterday.
@johncrossmirror just replied to Wallo on this. Media cloud is a bit rich given Arsenal official site live tweeted ball by ball on JW return
Surprised Allardyce said he couldn't hear it cause I heard it loud and clear up in the press box and it was disgusting. Pleased Arsenal won
My West Ham - Arsenal match report. Pleased Arsenal won after vile Wenger abuse http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/west-ham-united-1-3-arsenal-1285954?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter …
My West Ham v Arsenal match report including disgusting chanting at Wenger http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/west-ham-united-1-3-arsenal-1285954 …
@CaptainBradH that falcao arsenal story not mine! Thanks on the piece that is mine!
West Ham - Arsenal match report including vile abuse aimed at Wenger http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/west-ham-united-1-3-arsenal-1285954 …
The Southampton star spotters back together at Fulham - may interest Arsenal and Tottenham fans too http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/southampton-would-be-extinct-if-it-wasnt-for-legacy-1364055 …
The Southampton star spotters together again at Fulham - Spurs and Arsenal fans may like too http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/southampton-would-be-extinct-if-it-wasnt-for-legacy-1364055 …
"It's been confirmed that Jack Wilshere is in the Arsenal squad that travels to Norwich tomorrow. Wonderful news for him, Arsenal and England"
Arsenal AGM next week could be tasty.
"My interview with Lewis Holtby, nicknamed 'Fritz' by his dad, who chose Germany but comes to England to face Arsenal http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-v-schalke-preview-lewis-1389594 …"
"Afellay was offered to Arsenal in the summer and they had a little think about it, so interesting how he does tonight"
Afellay makes his point after being politely turned down by Arsenal.
Arsenal no shots on target. Now you know how it felt every week for Villa fans with McLeish.
Does any other football club's AGM get the coverage Arsenal's does? Most AGM's pass without any comment or anybody taking any notice.
"Other than PHW being rude, two things really jumped out at me from the excellent @johncrossmirror and @garyjacob arsenal agm tweets..."
Oh sorry Wenger meant qualifying for the CL is a metaphorical trophy. Are Arsenal going to claim metaphorical victories and signings soon?
For all Arsenal criticism/controversy/problems highlighted over past week I'd still put 50 quid on them finishing in the top four #trophy
Santos half-time shirt swap highlights too many people at Arsenal just happy to be allowed to mix with the big boys #footballfwwwiieends
"My interview with Eduardo on Shakhtar, Chelsea, Arsenal, diving and Rooney. Really great guy http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-fan-eduardo-cant-wait-1414653 …"
"Eduardo on Shakhtar, Chelsea, Arsenal, diving and Rooney http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-fan-eduardo-cant-wait-1414653 …"
@kumbdotcom I also do not condone any verbal abuse to anyone - whether it is from West Ham or Arsenal fans.
"@kumbdotcom maybe that's because I didn't write a Man U, arsenal match report - I was on holiday at the weekend. Keep punching, though."
"@Fantonidy Dont know if Pep will do better job, but Arsenal will have to take a risk if they want to change anything. Thanks 4 feedback"
@johncrossmirror @piersmorgan why can't arsenal finish fourth and win the FA or Carling Cup? Why does it have to be top four or a trophy?
Theo Walcott has been voted Arsenal's Player of the Month. He has started 1 game in that time. Message to Wenger and the board?
@StuartMawhinney fa website gives headline coverage to walcott plea to play for Arsenal....
@StuartMawhinney ...It seems we're not that different. I assume website feel Walcott on Arsenal is more interesting than Hope Powell
"@johncrossmirror Santos, Djourou, Arshavin, Chamakh, Squillaci, Park - Arsenal full of leaders and winning characters. Tsk."
Arsenal-Fulham pour moi today - fancy a close game. I thought the same ahead of Arsenal-Southampton #thejudge
"@johncrossmirror stunning attack on wenger - you're so anti-arsenal, anti-wenger, anti-avb, anti-liverpool, anti, anti, anti"
Arsenal were strolling but not now. Sagna not be too good since return from injury. Berba lost him at corner
"@DarrenArsenal1 @JNorthcroft @timpayton on the subject of the keeper, remember when Arsenal wouldn't pay 1m more for schwarzer?"
@TheAFCMovement he is taking part in movember! Don't read my arsenal piece if you're a sensitive fan!
My Arsenal-Fulham match report http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/arsenal-3-3-fulham-arsenal-throw-1291922 …
"In tomorrow's Sunday Mirror by me plenty of Chelsea, Arsenal, Villa, England and the latest on Mark Clattenburg."
Arsenal finally make move to re-open contract negotiations with Walcott but he won't be bullied or work to deadline http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-are-finally-set-to-re-open--1428772 …
My real arsenal/spurs XI based on form this season and availibility for sat.....
North London derby for me today. I'm no tactical wizard but if I was avb I'd be starting Bale on the right today. Fancy an Arsenal win
@Bentleysbird sorry - you not there? Wonder who bentley supports today - I think arsenal
Not a great day for the old-boys. Podolski shot deflects off Gallas and creeps past Lloris. Arsenal 2-1
Surely Arsenal will get 3 or 4 now. 10-man Spurs look there for the taking.
"I'll post Arsenal match report, ratings etc when on site. Had felt sorry for avb on Ade but he doesn't do himself any favours..."
"Loads in Sunday Mirror from me tomorrow. Arsenal, Tottenham, England, Reading, QPR and an interview with the Fox in the Box."
"Stories/interviews on the Ox, Arsenal keeper chase, Arshavin, Bale, Hughes and Francis Jeffers plus all reaction to NLD"
Arsenal will rival Liverpool for keeper Al-Habsi in January http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-will-rival-liverpool-for-wigan-goalkeeper-1441429 …
New contract wrangle for Arsenal - this time it's the Ox http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-accused-of-only-rewarding-alex-1442525 …
"For all their faults, Arsenal really are quite good at doing the Champions League group stages."
Villa-Arsenal for me tomorrow. Expecting a big home win.
Love the Stan Petrov support - well respected by Arsenal fans as well. Class
"Odd Arsenal performance. One shot on target is woeful for them. Podolski is talented but so, so lazy. Ox quiet too but sure he'll come good"
"...From me: Chelsea, Guardiola, QPR, Beckham, bit of Arsenal and exclusive interviews with Joe Allen and Leon Britton."
My Villa v Arsenal report http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/aston-villa-0-0-arsenal-match-1292061 …
"@duncanross10 as always, yes. Arsenal fans chanting at Wenger rather overshadowed other 'issues'."
"Impressed by Lowton and Westwood again, who were good v Arsenal too. Guzan decent as well. Bannan needs to learn how to keep the ball."
Theo Walcott should release his own calendar posing each month in the shirt of a club who would pay him more than Arsenal.
@Arsenal_Realist I haven't run a story about anything
I assume Wenger and Gazidis take a pay cut then if Arsenal finish outside the top four?
"Will take that point for Villa, spesh with saints losing. Not actually that shocked by Arsenal result."
@Arsenal_Ant thanks
City clearly the better game tonight but I'm oddly drawn to the arsenal match. Looks like a night of channel hopping.
Ramsey been getting a fair amount of stick from Arsenal fans. He's been having a bad time but at least he keeps showing and putting it in..
@JonnyOneill @block6gooner I actually think Arsenal are right on Sagna. He was superb but been v average this season.
"Apologies I won't be linking anything tomoz morn. I'm assuming I'll be hungover. Manc derby, arsenal, chelsea, spurs and west ham in paper"
"Allardyce admits he's powerless to keep Diame. Newcastle, Everton and Arsenal interested thanks to 3.5m clause http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/west-ham-admit-they-cant-stop-1479394 …"
Arsenal players want Wenger to ditch 'tired' excuse and stars want to face Bradford http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-players-urge-arsene-wenger-1479979 …
Haha arsenal
"@JohnDillonExprs against a league two club. Ffs, this is awful from arsenal."
"Whatever happens now this has been absolutely shit from arsenal. Shit, I tell you."
"@JohnDillonExprs john, I agree on wilshere but how far have arsenal fallen? This is ridiculous."
I remember arsenal coming to villa and I was grateful to watch them. The fact arsenal fans accept this is depressing.
@SandraHelena39 I find it sad. I know how u feel sandra but not all arsenal fans accept it
I'm not drunk and I'm not anti-arsenal. Wenger should go.
@MattHughesTimes this summer guardiola and mourinho will be available. Arsenal should be brave
@MattHughesTimes so wenger is the only man who can manage arsenal? Rubbish. He's living on past glory. He's not moved with the times.
Arsenal is bigger than Arsene Wenger.
Not going to wind up Arsenal fans and bang on about it all day but I stand by my opinion of last night. All other opinions are allowed.
Lots of fascinating Arsenal insight to read this morning. Papers leading the way.
Look out for Arsenal pieces by @johncrossmirror @charliewyett @jwtelegraph and @neilashton_
Fair play to Ivan Gazidis for holding his Arsenal supporters' xmas drinks bash last night - can't have been a hugely comfortable experience!
@brismy8 it was aimed at an arsenal supporting mate - I prob should have texted him rather than tweeting it to all! Apologies
"@GNev2 yeah, agree that was a mad thing to say. Will Arsenal ever win another trophy with Wenger would be a more interesting debate."
Ba could price himself out of Arsenal and Liverpool move http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/newcastle-striker-demba-ba-will-demand-1491761 …
"Wilshere gives Arsenal a massive boost - talks contract, captaincy, Champs League and Wenger http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/jack-wilshere-close-to-signing-80000-a-week-1491444 …"
Wilshere says Henry will give Arsenal a big lift http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/thierry-henry-will-give-arsenal-a-boost-1491484 …
@QueenofSuburbia not at all. Last season I was of the opinion wenger should be given the season and a summer to show arsenal can challenge
It's got to be an Arsenal win tonight. Hasn't it?
Arsenal exploiting time and space well but Reading all over the place.
This is surely now Arsenal's first-choice front three. Much better team selection tonight and it's paid dividends.
Arsenal could have scored 10
In the absence of @johncrossmirror I have done my web column on Arsenal and more specifically Jack Wilshere. I'll link when it goes live
My web column. Wilshere is Arsenal's heartbeat http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/why-jack-wilshere-will-be-arsenals-heartbeat-for-many-1495518 …
Agree it's great news for Arsenal to get 5 contracts done but don't see why that would put any pressure on Theo. It's nothing to do with him
Wenger puts 'new Villa' ahead of old Villa in list of Arsenal January striker targets http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsene-wenger-prioritises-adrin-over-1502243 …
I'm at Arsenal v Newcastle later and expecting a good game. Huge match for Villa today - a must-not lose
My Arsenal v Newcastle match report http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/arsenal-7-3-newcastle-united-match-1300570 …
"Liverpool, Arsenal and Tottenham to open talks with Holtby http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-liverpool-and-tottenham-set-to-battle-1509976 …"
Arsenal to schedule urgent talks with Walcott in January - and he won't be leaving in this transfer window http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-reopen-official-contract-talks-1509876 …
"Liverpool, Tottenham and Arsenal battle for Holtby #lfc #thfc #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-liverpool-and-tottenham-set-to-battle-1509976 …"
Arsenal to schedule urgent January talks with hat-trick hero Walcott #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-reopen-official-contract-talks-1509876 …
@Denster85 eh? I wrote arsenal for Adrian Lopez last week. Never said Arsenal for Ba. Just repeated what Weng said on Ba.
"@Denster85 no, I said wenger didn't rule it out. There is clearly interest but I think Arsenal will buy elsewhere..."
"@Denster85 as for tiote, again there was interest but newcastle asking price put Arsenal off."
@ShaneOmac85 arsenal and man Utd will both bid - that's all I know
"So Villa, Spurs, Utd and Arsenal victories would make it a good start to 2013 - would be even better if wba could make a comeback"
Early Arsenal presser today. Then it's club's festive fun day. I won't hang around for that but it's a great event Arsenal put on for fans.
Good insight in tomorrow's paper from Wenger on the fact he sets the contract and wage structure at Arsenal and why he does it.
@Swinestar96 @Stuart_PhotoAFC eh? My arsenal piece is interview with quotes from Wenger on Arsenal's wage structure from a press conference
Arsenal to test Wigan resolve over midfielder James McCarthy and plan trip to Spain http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-prepare-8m-bid-for-wigan-1519640 …
Wenger reveals he is in sole charge of Arsenal's 'socialist' wage structure http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/fa-cup-swansea-vs-arsenal-1519713 …
"This is new - usually Arsenal fans having a pop at me on Sunday mornings, but today it's Villa. Not my fault the club made bad decisions."
"@Mikhaels_ @TotallyArsenal @arseblog a few points - when asked if he controls the Arsenal wages, wenger's reply was 'yes'."
Really think Arsenal will win today
"Circumstances of draw annoying for Arsenal, but a draw at Swansea is a very decent result these days."
"The ticket price issue is not an Arsenal issue, it's a football issue. The categorisation of tickets is, in my opinion, completely wrong."
@MartinLipton last two nights guardian have posted Arsenal press conference copy before 10pm. Embargo is 10.30 and always has been
"Walcott saga to end with £100k deal - but only for 18 months, which is worrying Arsenal. Wenger drops Cesc hint. #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-hold-fears-over-the-length-1531199 …"
Vermaelen has gone from being one of the best central defenders in Europe to being a liability for Arsenal. Linked with taking captaincy?
"Thought Milner was superb, much better from Arsenal in second half but too late. City were strong."
@DarrenArsenal1 the 3-and-a-half-year part not great for arsenal - have to renegotiate in 18 months!
Important Arsenal signed Walcott up and that in itself a positive but 3.5 year deal is hardly a big success for the club.
"Had Arsenal got this done in the summer, Walcott would be on a longer contract and, most probably, less money."
@johncrossmirror @talksportdrive @mattholland8 can they play the daily arsenal music with the little trumpet just before you go on?
@ArsenalFCView @clockenders a club offering Wenger £10m a year to leave Arsenal is a story.
@official_alexp I also didn't comment on Arsenal prices #consistency
Wonder if Arsenal inserted a clause into Chamakh's West Ham loan insisting he MUST play against them on Weds...?
"Ok, so we are allowed to name names. Seeing as Wenger said he wants two players, who do Arsenal fans (realistically) want?"
"David Villa, Diame and Wanyama getting a lot of love so far from Arsenal fans. Any shouts from the left field?"
"Quick scan through all the replies tells me Arsenal fans want (in this order): Villa, Diame, Fellaini, Wanyama, Capoue, Cavani (realistic?)"
"Monsieur Alain Pardeux in 2006: ""I had to wonder where that British involvement was when I saw the Arsenal team."" 1/2"
Fair play to Arsenal fans giving me stick over Villa - fully deserved #gottotakeitifyoudishitout
Fancy a Chelsea win but Swansea through and a big Arsenal win tonight.
"@richgooner1886 In the spirit of goodwill, good luck tonight - I hope you enjoy the game. For what it's worth I think Arsenal 3-0 win"
"Brighton fail to take great chance, Arsenal go up the other end and Giroud scores with a lovely finish. 1-0 Arsenal"
Game on. Arsenal defending today is poor so far. 1-1 Barnes header
My Brighton v Arsenal match report http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/brighton-2-3-arsenal-match-report-1557643 …
"Wenger admits Arsenal will try to sign a new striker this week. Villa, Jovetic and Adrian Lopez all candidates #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-arsene-wenger-admits-he-wants-1558536 …"
"Today Wenger reportedly says numbers-wise, Arsenal have enough strikers. Err, have I missed something....?"
This week's web column: Which club is in greater need ahead of the transfer window shutting - Arsenal or Tottenham? Link later.
My column: which club is in greater need ahead of the transfer window shutting - Arsenal or Tottenham? #afc #thfc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-and-tottenham-are-playing-a-risky-game-1561511 …
"As the transfer clock ticks, which club is more desperate - Arsenal or Tottenham? #afc #thfc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-and-tottenham-are-playing-a-risky-game-1561511 …"
@savagemattsav because Levy does Tottenham's transfers and Wenger does Arsenal's
I'm at L'Emirates for Arsenal-Liverpool tonight and really looking forward to it. Big game for both clubs and should be quite open.
Really enjoyed the Arsenal-Liverpool game last night - thought Suarez superb in first half and Wilshere superb throughout.
"Arsenal need a back-up left-back? Kevin Conboy, Danish international plays for NEC and available for 2million Euros. Players are out there"
Monreal business very clever from Arsenal but I still think they really need a no 6 midfielder.
But I think Tottenham's need is greater than Arsenal's in final hours of window...
"@johncrossmirror agree good signing, but staggered by spurs inactivity. There was a real chance for them to get 1 up on Arsenal"
@johncrossmirror barring a last minute drama I'm now pretty confident arsenal will finish above spurs.
"On the back of deadline day I think Manchester United win the title, Arsenal finish fourth and Villa, Reading, QPR to go down."
Walcott doing extra work to fulfil his dream to become main man for Arsenal and England #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/theo-walcott-wants-to-become-first-1570568 …
Walcott employs the help of Neil Banfield to help him become Arsenal and England's main man #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/theo-walcott-wants-to-become-first-1570568 …
Quite a lot written about David Villa and Arsenal today. I think @DJones_People is spot on http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-set-to-give-up-chase-1572118 …
@rwilliams1947 @ian_ladyman_dm I'm convinced jamie carragher coloured his boots in black for last weeks arsenal game.
"My Arsenal moan is that while Monreal looks a v good signing, they are now paying upwards of £150k a week for 3 left backs. Perfect model?"
"Anyway, enough Arsenal. Daniel Levy proved himself a transfer genius again and as for the Chelsea 'strategy'. Wow, where to start with that?"
"I see the Arsenal website has a new look. Pretty, pretty good."
"Lambert saying Benteke would only be sold for big money, not that he won't be sold. Uh oh, roll up Spurs, Arsenal, Liverpool and Man City"
Giroud Arsenal's player of the month - richly deserved IMO. Winning the doubters over and proving to be a good signing.
Andre Santos always struck me as finding it quite funny he had somehow managed to end up at Arsenal.
Bentley getting a standing ovation from Arsenal fans as he warms up. Not.
This is like a training game. Arsenal attack. Blackburn defend.
"Kean, Martin Olsson and Grant Hanley pick of Blackburn heroes. Rosicky the pick of Arsenal's, err, players."
"It has been a trend for too long that goalkeepers get worse at Arsenal, not better."
@timpayton I know. Don't think anything short term would ultimately help tho. I still think Arsenal will finish 4th above Spurs.
My Arsenal-Blackburn match report http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/arsenal-0-1-blackburn-match-report-1713418 …
Wenger tells Arsenal team they need to be men http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-just-not-good-enough-1713864 …
"My opinion is Wenger should leave Arsenal at the end of the season. But those saying 'he doesn't have a clue' etc, just remember...."
"@lionel_morgan it's the big question. Klopp looks perfectly suited to Arsenal but not sure he'd take it. Moyes, De Boer, Ancelotti"
"@lionel_morgan I take your point but Arsenal had a lot of money to spend in summer and January, but Wenger stuck to philosophy."
"@lionel_morgan also Ancelotti did superb job at Chelsea. It's a myth to say Wenger the only capable boss for Arsenal, however good he was/is"
@lionel_morgan nobody has a 'right' to win a trophy but plenty of worse teams than Arsenal have over past eight years.
"@johncrossmirror @obumosigwe haha, I'll forgive Obum once he gets over his understandable upset bout Arsenal and comes to his senses."
My Arsenal-Blackburn match report http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/arsenal-0-1-blackburn-match-report-1713418 …
Arsenal switch their Barcelona targets and eye up Valdes. Szczesny error suggests they need him http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfers-victor-valdes-being-1713625 …
@DarrenArsenal1 @philmcnulty @piersmorgan this set of Arsenal players not like Chelsea. They'd totally collapse if Wenger went mid-season.
@DarrenArsenal1 @philmcnulty @piersmorgan but I agree Wenger should go a the end of the season - even if Arsenal nick fourth place.
@JWTelegraph @ollieholt22 but arsenal model means Wenger can't afford to make as many mistakes as others in transfer market...
@Arsenal_SAfrica no it wasn't!
"As promised, my web column comes early. Arsenal need to feel the pressure #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-column-truth-wenger-not-1716442 …"
"@MattGunner32 @timpayton don't worry, Arsenal will be fine on Sat!"
@boydhilton @northgooner agree with that Boyd. Big key is Arsenal not conceding.
@Anthony_M_Eaton why? Arsenal is a great club with or without Wenger.
"@JanAageFjortoft what about his £7.5m contract and position of total power at Arsenal? Is that not the reward? Saying that, I will miss him."
"@basil_90 schalke finished with 12 points, Arsenal 10. Schalke drew final game, Arsenal lost. Had Arsenal won they would have won group."
@basil_90 but arsenal would have had 13 points (1 more than Schalke) had they won. Schalke win would have made it impossible for Arsenal.
I'm at Arsenal tonight and really want them to win. My only prediction is the tie will still be alive for 2nd leg.
Arsenal were beaten by a much better side. Inquest shouldn't be about the result but how they have fallen so far behind Europe's top clubs.
Last couple of thoughts after game. Cazorla on wing didn't work and subbing Podolski looked like a mistake. But Arsenal will beat Villa.
@JonnyOneill ....maybe then Arsenal can keep him forever!
"Worth remembering that Arsenal could have been facing Galatasaray in Champs League last 16, but Wenger tossed away that chance...1/2"
"The Arsenal bench in Olympiakos for Arsenal's final group game was Shea, Angha, Hajrovic, Monteiro, Arshavin, Akpom, Ansah..."
The Olympiakos matchday squad has got to be one of the worst decisions of Wenger's entire Arsenal reign.
"@10akhil haha, you fans with your standing up so we cant see what's happening!! Thought Arsenal fans were v good last night. Stuck with team"
@10akhil I thought Arsenal did ok against a v good side. It is other decisions both from wenger and the board that has really cost them.
@QueenofSuburbia not quite that specifically in terms of cash but yes that has been asked a lot. He always says Arsenal should not be...
"@DominicaAFC Schalke finished top with 12 points, Arsenal second with 10. A win in Olympiakos and Arsenal finish with 13 points...."
@philip_AFC schalke finished top with 12 points. Arsenal second with 10. Arsenal win and they finish with 13 points
"I'm quick enough to moan when players don't front up, so I should say there was no hiding from Arsenal players and press team last night,"
@jeffnorthlondon what about making the best decisions? Not all of Arsenal + Wenger's problems are cash related.
"Thought Arsenal were quite poor today but result far more important than performance. Villa encouraging, Weimann very good, but naive again."
My Arsenal-Villa match report #afc #avfc - Wenger quotes laterhttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/arsenal-2-1-aston-villa-santi-1300817 …
@rbest88 it's the only thing Arsenal are playing for now.
Wilshere wants the Messi treatment and could be Arsenal captain next season #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/jack-wilshere-tells-arsenal-boss-1727723 …
My web column is a lesson in self harm this week. I've started the Spurs-Arsenal Team of the Year debate. Will link when live #thfc #afc
Do you think this north London Tottenham-Arsenal combined could win the League? http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-vs-spurs-would-best-1731880 …
Surprising lack of abuse so far for my web column on the Tottenham-Arsenal Team of the Year. #thfc #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-vs-spurs-would-best-1731880 …
Arsenal insist Stan Kroenke not interested in selling and point to fact he had chance to sell Rams a few years ago and declined....
"....Usmanov camp also insist he is in it for the long term with Arsenal. Don't think he needs the money, either."
Arsenal takeover bid set for failure http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/new-arsenal-takeover-bid-set-1740490 …
World record bid for Arsenal appears doomed #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/new-arsenal-takeover-bid-set-1740490 …
"And assuming takeover doesn't happen, Arsenal working on B-list in case of top-four failure #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfer-news-arsene-wenger-1740123 …"
Also hoping to have a NLD bonus piece to link that didn't make paper if @MirrorFootball can help me out. Talked to Arsenal player of 2011/12
My interview with Arsenal Player of the Year 2011/12 (joke) Marton Fulop on his Arsenal nightmare + Spurs #afc #thfchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/tottenham-vs-arsenal-preview-marton-1740700 …
Good win for Spurs - don't think Arsenal out of top four race yet.
@Jack_Bagley spurs and arsenal
Wenger won't stand for any negative Arsenal attitudes in Munich #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/bayern-munich-vs-arsenal-preview-1753731 …
"I'm off to Munchen tomorrow, where Arsenal are clearly going to overturn the 3-1 deficit to knock Bayern out of the CL on Wednesday night."
"Arsenal team v Olympiakos: Szczesny, jenkinson, squillaci, vermaelen, Meade, rosicky, coquelin, gervinho, Ramsey, Ox, chamakh...."
".....Subs: Shea, angha, hajrovic, monteiro, arshavin, akpom, ansah. Losing that game meant Arsenal could not finish top of the group."
"Other than financial benefit, you could question whether its worth Arsenal qualifying for the CL if they haven't got squad to cope with it"
"I'll admit it, Arsenal surprised me tonight. Wasn't sure they had that in them even tho they still went out. Plenty of encouragement"
@girlgooner @johncrossmirror @talksportdrive you only don't like it because Arsenal lost on it and Spurs won on it this week!
Wenger considers shake-up to Arsenal goalkeeping department #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/arsenal-boss-arsene-wenger-searching-1767656 …
Walcott urges Arsenal players to get stuck into each other to avoid a 'tragedy' #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenals-theo-walcott-says-brilliance-1767644 …
"@GJHill1 arsenal, always have done"
Szczesny held secret talks on Arsenal future with Wenger last month. He wanted to stay then and still does now #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfer-news-wojciech-szczesny-1781146 …
Watching Chelsea-Arsenal in the NextGen series - immediately struck by the terrible pitch they're having to play on.
"Lovely goal - Arsenal 1-up. Brilliant pass by gnabry, found on rushing bellerin and he crosses for akpom to score."
Arsenal's best prospect is not playing in this game. There is a lad they are incredibly excited about but I'm sworn to secrecy. Sorry.
Constantly surprised by level of knowledge of most fans on here. A lot of Arsenal supporters clearly know what's going on under the 1st team
Feruz follows up penalty save to make it Chelsea 1 - Arsenal 1 in NextGen.
"Oh dear, horrible keeper error. Baker scores. Chelsea now 2-1 up against Arsenal in NextGen but they probably deserve it."
It's all Arsenal now. Could have won it in injury time. Great turnaround.
Chelsea to meet eventual winners Aston Villa in the final of the NextGen. Missed extra-time but the first 90 mins v Arsenal were very good.
Goalscoring machine Gervinho puts Arsenal 1-up against Reading
Not sure how that wasn't a pen for Arsenal after Giroud was cleaned out by Taylor
Another pen shout for Arsenal and then Cazorla has a shot blocked. Arsenal could be 4 up. Far too easy at the moment.
"This is the most one-sided first-half you are ever likely to see, but Arsenal still only 1-up."
My Arsenal - Reading match report http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/arsenal-4-1-reading-match-report-1305078 …
@QueenofSuburbia There is surely room in football for more than one style and even a mixture of styles. Arsenal used to mix it with the best
@cfcasa @johncrossmirror I'm at Fulham-Arsenal.
At Fulham - fancy a big Arsenal win
"Mertesacker puts Arsenal one-up, which is harsh on Fulham who have been good since going down to 10 men. Arsenal should stroll this now."
Seemed a harsh red for Giroud. I would expect Arsenal to appeal.
My Fulham-Arsenal match report #afc #ffc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/fulham-0-1-arsenal-mertesacker-scores-1310966 …
"Cardiff will try to battle Manchester City, Arsenal + Everton for Joniesta Williams #bluebirds #mcfc #afc #efc #cpfc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/cardiff-compete-manchester-city-crystal-1844802 …"
My web column on why RVP should be Footballer of the Year and why the Arsenal fans should applaud him http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/even-arsenal-fans-should-applaud-1849075 …
@NikiBerryTPiB you're much better off covering a non-league football match yourself than following me around at Arsenal! Good luck.
Kone and McCarthy superb for Wigan today. They'll struggle to keep both. McCarthy good enough for Arsenal now.
Wenger to tell Giroud and Podolski they can't be flat-track bullies at Arsenal and why he wants a new striker #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-boss-concerned-olivier-giroud-1857890 …
Mertesacker says RVP hurt his old Arsenal team-mates but they still voted for him in PFA awards. My interview #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-vs-manchester-united-per-1857234 …
Per Mertesacker on RVP hurting the Arsenal players who still voted for him in PFA awards #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-vs-manchester-united-per-1857234 …
Arsenal target Asmir Begovic has now hit Barcelona's radar #scfc #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/stoke-transfers-barcelona-line-up-1856453 …
Just been discussing top four with someone. He claimed Arsenal have got the easiest run-in of any club in the history of Premier League 1/2
"Can't disagree. Arsenal played new champions, next a relegated club, then a club who will have played Cup final 3 days earlier and Newcastle"
Nice work so far Brewers - this makes Burton better than Villa and Arsenal at the moment...
Lambert will tell Villa striker Benteke that he can do better than Tottenham and Arsenal #avfc #thfc #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/aston-villa-boss-paul-lambert-1870158 …
"Remy wants Arsenal move, despite Tottenham interest #qpr #afc #thfc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/qpr-striker-loic-remy-wants-1870017 …"
"Adebayor out to 'kill' Arsenal's Champions League hopes, but admits he's unsure of Tottenham future #thfc #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/tottenham-striker-emmanuel-adebayor-reckons-1882848 …"
Adebayor did say he wants to 'kill' Arsenal's Champions League hopes for Tottenham #afc #thfchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/tottenham-striker-emmanuel-adebayor-reckons-1882848 …
"Arsenal, we've had our ups and downs but now I really need you to come through for me #donotlose"
Those Arsenal zippys look like Manchester United zippys
@QueenofSuburbia Arsenal have big plans. The trick is making them happen.
I agree 3rd and 4th place should go to head-to-head results and not a play-off if Chelsea and Arsenal are tied. Doubt Arsenal fans agree.
Seems a lot of Arsenal fans do agree with me it should go down to head-to-head (which Chelsea won). How sporting.
Wenger will have his biggest transfer budget - whether or not Arsenal qualify for the Champions League #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfers-arsene-wenger-spend-1897461 …
"Can't see anything but Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham wins - which will put them in that order #cfc #afc #thfc"
Always thought Arsenal would finish 4th and I still think it's not some sort of amazing achievement 4 them. But fair play for catching Spurs
@northbanklower @youaremyarsenal if Arsenal want to win the title Arteta shouldn't be in the starting team next season.
“@AST_arsenal: Next AST meeting on Mon 20 May at 6.30pm. Includes @johncrossmirror @Matt_Law_SM” >> Do I have to be in celebratory mood?!?!
@pjbish @ast_arsenal @johncrossmirror terms of my agreement to come clearly state 'Crossy buys the beers'.
Really enjoyed Arsenal AST meeting. Great to meet everyone and hear all opinions. And thanks for being gentle with me!
Just filed final web column of the season. It's on how Wenger's gamble paid off but he must keep taking risks to take Arsenal forwards #afc
"@Mike_Arsenal yeah, he only gave them top-flight football for first time in 23 years and didn't get relegated."
"My web column: Wenger's gamble Arsenal paid off, now he must make more big decisions #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-must-gamble-again-arsene-1902656 …"
"My web column: Wenger's Arsenal gamble paid off, but now he needs to take more to achieve real glory #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-must-gamble-again-arsene-1902656 …"
"@angelasmith_ @apb1979 disagree job too soon for Bould. The Arsenal players think he's superb. But, yes, he is happy there."
"After bold words of Gazidis, Arsenal will have to review their policy of making opening bids of a button and the promise of some magic beans"
My Arsenal striker info hasn't held for tomorrow's paper so may as well share. They are far more confident on Higuain than any other target
Manchester City believe they will be given first refusal on Chelsea and Arsenal target Jovetic #mcfc #cfc #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/manchester-city-transfer-news-blues-1954734 …
"@HLNinEngeland To be fair, Arsenal pay Arteta less than he earned at Everton - maybe they are trying the same trick!!"
Arsenal monitoring Papadopoulos as they consider defensive targets #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfer-news-kyriakos-papadopoulos-1980325 …
Arsenal tried to sign McEachran a few years ago. Can't help feeling his development would have been handled much better there.
Man Utd stars want end to Rooney sideshow as Chelsea and Arsenal watch. Bit of Suarez news too #mufc #cfc #afc #lfc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/wayne-rooney-transfer-arsenal-chelsea-2032767 …
Some Suarez and Arsenal tweets.....
1. I wrote on Sunday of Arsenal's enquiry over Suarez in a Rooney article. Info was not given to me by an Arsenal source or leaked by club
2. Excellent Merseyside reporters have today taken the story on by confirming Arsenal actually had a bid rejected for Suarez.
3. People assuming that means Arsenal's bid was a bluff to try to get Higuain and that may be the case.
"3. But given story not leaked by Arsenal to my knowledge and story has come from Merseyside, there is another possibility....."
4. Liverpool want news of Arsenal failed bid out there to get Real Madrid to start bidding for Suarez over £30million.....?
"Just thoughts, but I have been given no indication that Arsenal's Suarez enquiry and subsequent bid was a bluff over Higuain."
Manchester United and Arsenal have one month to sign Fellaini before price rockets #mufc #afc #efchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/manchester-united-arsenals-marouane-fellaini-2050689 …
Can someone tell me the point of Arsenal bidding £35million for Luis Suarez?
@neilashton_ haha. I'd love to know if there is a person at Arsenal who actually thinks they could sign Suarez for 35m
And I just don't see this whole 'Arsenal are using Suarez as a way to get Higuain theory'....
"A 30-35m bid for Suarez from Arsenal might force a smile from Real, but it won't force their hand."
I've asked repeated questions of whether Cesc could rejoin Arsenal this summer and always been told 'he'll give it another year at Barca'...
My understanding of Arsenal buy-back clause on Cesc is that it only becomes applicable if Cesc informs Barca he wants to return to Arsenal
If Cesc tells Barca he wants Arsenal then there is a set fee of about £25m. If Cesc doesn't ask for Arsenal move then any club can buy him
@Yahzzz not true. It's dependent on Cesc saying he wants Arsenal
"@johncrossmirror but arsenal first option only applies if Cesc says he wants Arsenal. Otherwise, no option."
"@jeffnorthlondon what would you rate the percentage chance of Suarez playing for Arsenal next season, Jeff?"
@Priceym1886 I was laughing at the pointless £30-35m bid. I don't doubt Arsenal really want him but I'm not as confident as Jeff. 30%
Arsenal add Luiz Gustavo to their list of targets #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfer-news-luiz-gustavo-2071188 …
Not sure I understand Arsenal's thinking over the £1. Suarez camp would surely know of offer anyway and it unnecessarily angers Liverpool.
"By end of Arsenal/Suarez/Liverpool saga, Madrid may well know price, know if the clause counts, know Suarez terms and look like good guys"
"Of course, Madrid also risk that Suarez will already be wearing an Arsenal shirt by the time they know all that."
So what happens if Arsenal don't get Suarez?
"I'm glad it didn't happen, but i think Arsenal should have signed Benteke two weeks ago. Suarez will want to leave In 2 years anyway"
"On plus side, glad to see this story from last month on Arsenal's interest in Luiz Gustavo is moving on #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfer-news-luiz-gustavo-2071188 …"
"My first web column ahead of new PL season and it's about Arsenal's transfer business (or lack of, so far) #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-cant-afford-another-botched-2159970 …"
"@yhvreddy agree with that, but winning the League gives United more leeway than Arsenal"
@Ahmed91Gooner @DLDN22 2-0 Arsenal.
"My Mirror web column today on Arsenal's summer transfer activity (or lack of, so far) #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-cant-afford-another-botched-2159970 …"
"Arsenal fans should be worried by reports the club are devising transfer Plan B. Shouldn't plan B, C and D already be in a drawer somewhere?"
"Top four:1. Chelsea, 2. Manchester City, 3. Manchester United, 4. Arsenal. FA Cup: Manchester City. Cap One Cup: Arsenal."
@deathirwin I predict covering Arsenal will drive you slowly insane.
“@JWTelegraph: Arsenal and summer of frustration...how transfer strategy is threatening Wenger legacy http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10245226/Arsenals-summer-of-frustration-in-the-transfer-market-could-jeapordise-their-Champions-League-place.html …” great read
Arsenal v Villa for me today. Easy to forget in the transfer chaos that this Arsenal team finished last season with 8 wins from 10
@johnnie_jackson 3-0 arsenal. Theo to get 2. You?
Arsenal have Frimpong on the bench today. A Championship player at best.
Vlaar mistake led to Arsenal opening goal. But v good finish from Giroud. 1-0 Arsenal
No Arsenal defender followed up Benteke's saved pen and the striker heads into the net. Arsenal 1 Aston Villa 1
H/T Arsenal 1 Aston Villa 1
"Boos at half-time, but I think they were from Arsenal fans for the ref rather than aimed at the team or Wenger."
Delph hits the inside of the Arsenal post
But Arsenal should be able to deal with Villa tactics. No problem with them being physical.
"Didn't think that was a pen, but Benteke takes it brilliantly. Arsenal 1, Aston Villa 2"
"Arsenal rightly upset with ref, but Cazorla did terribly to be robbed by Agbonlahor before he went down under Koscielny challenge"
No gloating from me tonight. Villa front 3 were superb and the ref had a shocker. Arsenal's squad so thin and it was highlighted today.
At least Arsenal fans went home with a sticker book. My Arsenal-Villa match report http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/arsenal-1-3-aston-villa-christian-2176066 …
"Arsenal fear huge injury blow over Oxlade-Chamberlain (for England too), who was on crutches #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-alex-oxlade-chamberlain-three-month-injury-2180710 …"
Arsenal facing new transfer battles if they follow up interest in Michu and Micah Richards #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfers-swanseas-michu-cost-2178360 …
Arsenal fear huge injury blow over Oxlade-Chamberlain (for England too). He was on crutches yesterday #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-alex-oxlade-chamberlain-three-month-injury-2180710 …
@johnnie_jackson if you are an Arsenal fan it was. Wenger only has himself to blame.
Heading into @talkSPORT for the Press Pass show from 6-8 - plenty to talk about. Arsenal might even get a mention.
Why is it Arsenal's responsibility to decide when it would be best for Newcastle to bid for one of their players?
"@RobBurnett @eaamalyon you've had an arsenal, but we've all been there (many, many, many times!)"
Top job by Arsenal on Fenerbahce last night. Next up Fulham - Darren Bent has scored 7 goals in his last 9 games against Arsenal.
Fancy Arsenal to get four now.
"Why Emmanuel Frimpong is still at Arsenal, I have no idea."
@girlgooner yes. Why should I write about Arsenal's buy-out clause when they're not trying to buy him? Get over Cesc.
@girlgooner why does that a) annoy you or b) have anything to o with arsenal?
My Fulham-Arsenal match report #afc #ffchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/fulham-1-3-arsenal-match-report-2201524 …
@Big_ConCon @girlgooner it doesn't but I'm not getting into this. Arsenal fans' obsession with Cesc bores me.
Steve Stammers and myself report on Arsenal's transfers. They are confident of landing Cabaye and Di Maria #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfer-news-arsenal-look-2217538 …
Chelsea will make new £40m bid for Rooney. Arsenal to make new offer as well. Question mark over Mata #cfc #afc #mufchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/wayne-rooney-transfer-chelsea-set-2216355 …
Flamini's Arsenal return should be confirmed pretty soon - looks like a three-year deal. Not the signing to excite fans but good addition.
“@Arsenal: The Arsenal Lotto has rolled over six times! Play now for Saturday’s est. £17.3m. http://www.arsenallotto.co.uk ” priceless timing...
Arsenal boss Wenger says he will never work with a director of football #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-arsene-wenger-wont-director-2241245 …
Arsenal line up Montero in case they can't get main targets Di Maria or Draxler #afchttp://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/arsenal-transfers-jefferson-montero-cardiff-2240934 …
Lloris was man of the match by some distance and that says it all. It's been gutsy from Arsenal since the Villa defeat.
"If I was Arsenal (and I'm not), I would go in late for Steven Fletcher as a number two striker. Much better than Ba and back to fitness."
"And I've been saying all summer Arsenal should have signed Benteke. Fortunately, I think (and hope) it's too late now."
"What a weird window for Arsenal. One mega deal, two frees and a loan. And what a disaster (so far) for Manchester United."
Ozil is fantastic news for Arsenal and the Premier League - looking forward to watching him.
I've rated + scored every PL club on their transfers for today's web column. Fear @johncrossmirror will be upset Arsenal don't get a 10.
"Arsenal will re-open contract talks with Wenger, who has £40m-plus to spend in January #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsenal-negotiate-new-contract-arsene-2258817 …"
Sunderland v Arsenal for me today. Wetherby services provided a boost after a tres early start. Looking forward to this one.
"11 mins, Ozil great control on left, passes to Giroud who scores with left-foot shot. 1-0 Arsenal and a bit of the £42.4m paid off"
"Fair to say Ozil looks pretty, pretty good. Just put Walcott through again, but his shot saved. Arsenal could be 3 up."
Gardner sent on as sub. Koscielny fouls Johnson in the area and Gardner scores pen. Sunderland 1 Arsenal 1
My Sunderland-Arsenal match report http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/sunderland-1-3-arsenal-mesut-ozil-2263935 …
Di Canio reveals he TOLD the referee to send him off in Sunderland's defeat to Arsenal http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/sunderland-boss-paolo-di-canio-2275318 …
"Arsenal, Tottenham and Chelsea are watching Llorente's situation #afc #thfc #cfc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/fernando-llorente-could-go-arsenal-2274568 …"
"Llorente situation being watched by Arsenal, Tottenham and Chelsea http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/fernando-llorente-could-go-arsenal-2274568 …"
It's a shame for England that Gibbs doesn't play right-back. He's been outstanding for some time now for Arsenal.
Fantastic piece on Aaron Ramsey by Andy Dunn in the Sunday Mirror  today - a must-read for Arsenal and Wales fans.
@johncrossmirror I like the fact Mertesacker's brother goes to away games with Arsenal fans and sings along to 'Big F'ing German'
Ozil is a genius who will win Arsenal the PL title says former Real team-mate http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/mesut-ozils-genuis-win-arsenal-2343113 …
@VauxhallEngland why does John Cross always write his columns about Arsenal? #askneil
What's with the club flags at Arsenal?
People keep asking if Arsenal can win the League. Of course they can.
"To be clear I'm not saying Arsenal will win the League, but they definitely can."
@talkSPORTDrive one problem to your Hart-Arsenal idea may be that Hart and Szczesny share the same agent.
@talkSPORTDrive that agent played a big part in persuading Szczesny to stick it out at Arsenal when he was dropped last season.
"What a superb result for Arsenal. Rosicky, Mertesacker and Koscielny performed brilliantly."
@samuelj29060 Arsenal have informed English journalists that the Gazidis interview you refer to is false.
Liverpool and Arsenal are keeping tabs on England new boy Jay Rod #lfc #afc http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/liverpool-arsenal-poised-transfer-scrap-2713269 …
I thought Rooney and Jones were superb today. Arsenal missed Walcott to get behind United defence.
@johncrossmirror disappointed by lack of 'suits you sir' in that exclusive Arsenal menswear story.
Off to Arsenal-Southampton today. Can't wait to see the new Arsenal suits. Southampton beware of the suited wonders.
My Arsenal-Southampton match report (look away Artur Boruc) http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/match-reports/arsenal-2-0-southampton-boruc-howler-2783518 …
Impressed by Arsenal's result. Cardiff will be a tough place to go this season. Ramsey on course for Player of the Year.
“@JWTelegraph: Arsenal unlikely to recruit striker + ready to give Bendtner last chance: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10499114/Nicklas-Bendtner-may-be-given-last-chance-to-earn-new-contract-at-Arsenal-by-manager-Arsene-Wenger.html …” great news for Arsenal fans
Wenger calls for change to the loan system ahead of Arsenal's game against Everton #afc #efchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10501896/Arsenal-manager-Arsene-Wenger-pleads-for-Everton-striker-Romelu-Lukaku-to-play-against-parent-club-Chelsea.html …
"Tough now for Allardyce and West Ham to hit four-game six-point target with games against Man Utd, Arsenal and WBA to come."
Arsenal fear they will be without Wilshere and Koscielny for Chelsea clash #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10519195/Arsenal-play-waiting-game-over-Laurent-Koscielny-and-Jack-Wilshere-ahead-of-derby-against-Chelsea.html …
"My Arsenal/Chelsea team: Szczesny; Ivanovic, Koscielny, Mertesacker, Gibbs; Ramires, Ramsey; Walcott, Oscar, Hazard; Giroud. #afc #cfc"
That's my Arsenal/Chelsea team based on this season only.
Should have been an Arsenal pen and Mikel should be off.
"Chelsea boss Mourinho hits out at Arsenal, Arteta and the Arsenal fans after goalless draw #cfc #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/competitions/premier-league/10536476/Arsenal-v-Chelsea-Jose-Mourinho-accuses-Arsene-Wengers-side-of-crying-following-Emirates-draw.html …"
"Having seen West Ham a few times this season, I'll be pretty shocked if Arsenal don't get back to winning ways today."
"Whenever I come to West Ham v Arsenal at UP, I hear *that* song about Wenger. But I never hear anything from West Ham trying to stop it."
Ramsey set to miss at least four weeks for Arsenal #AFC http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10539956/Arsenal-fear-Aaron-Ramsey-could-be-out-for-at-least-month-with-thigh-injury.html …
"Can I belatedly say that was a very good result for Arsenal today. Also, this is the best I've seen Chelsea play so far this season."
@Born_a_gooner I didn't do the Arsenal report.
I'm yet to hear a really good reason why Arsenal shouldn't win the PL this season and yet most people (me included) don't think they will.
"Arsenal have (so far) bounced back from defeats, survived injuries, dealt with Giroud going through a dry patch and won ugly."
Peter Hill-Wood one of the Arsenal stickers in the programme todaty. Does anybody want a Peter Hill-Wood sticker?
Have Arsenal ever played well when Wenger has opted for the terrible sleeping bag coat?
"My Arsenal v Cardiff report. Super-sub watches Super Nick be, err, super #afc #ccfc #supersuper http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/competitions/premier-league/10545014/Arsenal-2-Cardiff-City-0-match-report.html …"
"@dkarbassiyoon ah, apologies. Where did you first spot him? Arsenal are incredibly excited about him - but you already know that!"
Tim Sherwood warns Arsenal that Emmanuel Adebayor is coming for them #thfc #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/tottenham-hotspur/10549873/Arsenal-v-Tottenham-Hotspur-Emmanuel-Adebayor-has-former-club-in-his-targets-after-recovering-from-injury-to-lead-Spurs-attack.html …
Gedion Zelalem may have just missed out on being in Arsenal's squad today. It seems Park could have taken the final spot as back-up striker
"I'm sure Gedion will make his debut at some stage this season tho, particularly if Arsenal stay in the FA Cup. Still training with 1st team"
Gutted for Walcott. Huge blow for Arsenal and England
Can't say I'm looking forward to Villa-Arsenal tonight. Can only see one outcome and it ends in me feeling dispirited. Again.
West Ham forced into medical staff reshuffle after head of sports science quits to join Arsenal #whufc #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10573998/West-Hams-medical-chief-Andy-Rolls-leaves-injury-plagued-club-to-join-Arsenal.html …
Arsene Wenger accuses Chelsea of 'playing' with transfer rules. Arsenal still considering late Draxler bid #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10593577/Arsenal-manager-Arsene-Wenger-questions-timing-of-Chelseas-sale-of-Juan-Mata-to-Manchester-United.html …
Good to see Zelalem on the bench for Arsenal tonight. Hope he gets on.
"Arsenal hope to seal £36m deal for Draxler, who wants to move to the Emirates this month. #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10596260/Julian-Draxler-desperate-to-join-Arsenal-in-the-January-transfer-window-but-Schalke-hold-out-for-36m-fee.html …"
"Arsenal aiming to seal £36m deal for Draxler, who wants move from Schalke this month #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10596260/Julian-Draxler-aims-to-seal-36m-move-to-Arsenal.html …"
"Arsenal, Fulham, West Ham, Crystal Palace all trying hard to sign players before transfer deadline. Tottenham fishing around."
"Arsenal close in on Draxler, who has received an injury boost. Could be 2nd signing too #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10605875/Arsenal-and-Julian-Draxler-in-advanced-talks-over-36-million-deal.html …"
Why is Wenger chasing Draxler and can he make the difference? Arsenal's pre-deadline transfer plans explained #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10606969/Julian-Draxler-and-Arsenal-title-race-could-be-lost-if-Arsene-Wenger-misses-out-on-German-international.html …
Arsenal's Draxler chase stalls but Wenger still pushing to get a loan forward #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10605875/Arsene-Wenger-explores-alternative-loan-deals-as-move-for-Schalke-star-Julian-Draxler-remains-in-deadlock.html …
"For Arsenal fans asking, of course the Draxler deal could be revived and completed in Germany, but last night it did not look good."
Not sure how Arsenal fans feel about signing Kim Kallstrom but he's clearly one of the good guys http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/swedish-footballer-kim-kllstrm-comforts-eightyearold-boy-picture-goes-viral-8903484.html …
Frimpong leaves Arsenal. Who will Jack and Carl share the jacuzzi with now? pic.twitter.com/RTtBLlTy74
"@johncrossmirror I'm still off, back Weds night to see Arsenal demolish Bayern Munich."
Five things Arsenal's defeat to Bayern told us http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10650292/Arsenal-v-Bayern-Munich-five-things-we-have-learnt-about-the-misfiring-Gunners.html …
Arsenal v Bayern player ratings http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10649771/Arsenal-v-Bayern-Munich-how-the-players-rated-at-the-Emirates.html …
Arsenal keeper Szczesny facing threat of two-game Champions League ban as he waits on referee's report #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10651373/Arsenals-Wojciech-Szczesny-faces-two-match-ban-for-obscene-gesture-and-red-card-against-Bayern-Munich.html …
"Manchester United set to join City and Arsenal in Van Dijk battle, plus Napoli push for Vermaelen #mufc #mcfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/manchester-united/10652600/Manchester-rivals-united-in-admiration-for-Celtic-central-defender-Virgil-van-Dijk.html …"
Giroud set for Arsenal return but players feel Podolski deserves a run of games. Ozil may be rested #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10654867/Lukas-Podolski-should-start-for-Arsenal-says-players-as-Oliver-Giroud-prepares-to-return-against-Sunderland.html …
Arsenal boss Wenger ready to reignite Morata interest in the summer #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10669314/Arsenal-manager-Arsene-Wenger-to-bid-for-Real-Madrids-Alvaro-Morata.html …
Arsenal dish out new contracts and fans could soon get a glimpse of the lesser spotted Kim Kallstrom #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10676875/Arsenal-set-to-reward-Aaron-Ramsey-with-100000-a-week-deal.html …
"Terrible for news for Wilshere, England and Arsenal. Why on earth was he allowed to play on after getting a whack from Agger? Madness."
Arsenal upset with Agger over challenge that leaves Wilshere sweating on World Cup place #afc #lfc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/england/10682064/Arsenal-seething-over-Daniel-Agger-tackle-that-puts-Jack-Wilsheres-World-Cup-place-in-doubt.html …
"@mpgeorge84 I wrote Arsenal, not exclusively Wenger."
"@obiwaynechristy I wrote Arsenal are upset, not Wenger. I don't write headlines."
Enjoyed reading Wenger's press conference on Twitter. Hope Arsenal have saved time with him for journalists who have travelled to Munich.
Is it right Arsenal took Ryo but he was ineligible so couldn't go on bench? Bit of an error if so. Top 3 and FA Cup would be good season
Fabianski rejects new Arsenal contract as Bayern display sparks more interest in keeper #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10696417/Arsenal-goalkeeper-Lukasz-Fabianski-rejects-new-contract.html …
There's a story tucked into the middle of this that Arsenal fans will like ahead of nld #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/tottenham-hotspur/10699413/Tottenham-v-Arsenal-Quality-before-quantity-is-way-ahead-for-Spurs.html …
Lampard warns Chelsea team-mates that Arsenal's lack of trophies counts for nothing #cfc #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/10709498/Frank-Lampard-warns-Chelsea-must-take-Arsenals-challenge-seriously.html …
This is brilliant for Arsenal fans and other people who like good things. Wenger's top 100 #wenger1000http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/managers/arsene-wenger/10711089/Arsene-Wengers-Top-100-ahead-of-his-1000th-game-in-charge-of-Arsenal.html …
Szczesny faces fight to be sure of Arsenal number one spot - even if he keeps his place for Swansea game #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10719960/Arsenal-goalkeeper-Wojciech-Szczesny-faces-fight-to-hold-onto-No-1-spot-following-6-0-thrashing-at-Chelsea.html …
@GurjitAFC @arseblog it's not speculative. Fab leaving in summer. Arsenal have an A and B list. WS needs to convince afc to shop from B list
Paul Scholes rips into Arsenal as Wenger admits 4th place is now a worry and is gloomy on injuries #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10723182/Paul-Scholes-delivers-attack-on-Arsenals-lack-of-character-and-discipline.html …
Thomas Vermaelen's Arsenal captaincy underlines theories that Arsene Wenger avoids confrontation #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10723063/Arsenal-2-Swansea-City-2-Thomas-Vermaelen-fails-to-deliver-on-his-return-to-starting-XI.html …
Arsenal fear Manchester United syndrome if Wenger performs contract U-turn #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10725493/Arsenal-worried-about-the-Ferguson-effect-if-Arsene-Wenger-decides-to-end-his-reign-at-the-Emirates-Stadium.html …
Still no Arsenal comeback date for Wilshere but he remains hopeful of World Cup place #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10728045/Jack-Wilshere-hopeful-he-will-be-fit-for-2014-World-Cup-as-he-steps-up-recovery-from-broken-foot.html …
Arsenal always so open on the left - every decent team targets that side and yet Wenger never tightens it up.
Good to see Arsenal show some real heart in a big game. Far more encouraging they can still finish the season well. Draw not bad for City.
@johncrossmirror are you talking about Arsenal by any chance?
Arsenal chase Fulham wonderkid #afc #ffc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10743671/Arsenal-manager-Arsene-Wenger-sets-his-sights-on-Fulham-starlet-Patrick-Roberts.html …
Arsenal's starting team looks extremely slow today. But I have an irrational feeling they will win
"Team selection and tactics all wrong yet again from Wenger. My irrational feeling Arsenal would win, proved to be just that. Irrational."
"RT @ianherbs Martinez on Lukaku playing on right. ""It left them uneasy. We used that 2 our advantage"" > another boss 2 target Arsenal's left"
My Arsenal opinion piece - Wenger paying price for dodging big issues #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10749414/Arsenal-are-paying-the-price-for-Arsene-Wenger-avoiding-confrontation-and-dodging-big-issues-for-far-too-long.html …
Wenger dodges the big issues and that has become a big problem for Arsenal #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10749414/Arsenal-are-paying-the-price-for-Arsene-Wenger-avoiding-confrontation-and-dodging-big-issues-for-far-too-long.html …
Santi Cazorla admits Arsenal lack a winning mentality and reveals Iker Casillas talks #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10754222/Santi-Cazorla-admits-Arsenal-lack-winning-mentality-as-they-prepare-for-FA-Cup-semi-final-contest-against-Wigan.html …
Arsenal players believe a lack of work on opposition has cost them #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10755979/Arsene-Wenger-urged-to-take-opposition-more-seriously-by-Arsenal-players-after-Premier-League-challenge-falters.html …
Wenger confirms Ramsey will start for Arsenal v Wigan and refuses to pick between the FA Cup and Premier League #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10757084/Arsenal-v-Wigan-Athletic-Aaron-Ramsey-to-start-first-game-for-four-months-in-FA-Cup-semi-final.html …
Arsene Wenger admits Arsenal won a trophy the last time he changed his style to fit the opposition #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10758805/Arsenal-manager-Arsene-Wenger-recalls-the-day-he-played-defensively-and-won-the-FA-Cup.html …
Surely Arsenal go on and win this now
Arsenal players taking more selfies. Really? FFS.
Wenger hails his Arsenal pensioners and admits team selection was a gamble #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10769158/Arsenal-v-West-Ham-United-We-needed-experience-so-I-gambled-says-Arsene-Wenger.html …
"Arsenal and Manchester City fans have been arguing on my timeline about FFP for over 24 hours now. You will never, ever agree #dropmeout"
Arsenal must fight interest in Laurent Koscielny to convince him to sign new contract with big pay rise #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10771256/Arsenal-face-race-to-convince-Laurent-Koscielny-to-sign-new-contract-as-PSG-Monaco-and-Bayern-consider-moves.html …
Arsenal could battle Tottenham for Ajax defender/Sagna injury doubt #afc #thfc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10802718/Arsenal-battle-Tottenham-in-race-to-sign-Ajax-defender-Joel-Veltman.html …
"@GregAFC @thedanielcowan My Arsenal/tactis story was very well sourced but, unfortunately, there is no way I can reveal where it came from"
Did many Arsenal fans stay behind for the @johncrossmirror lap of appreciation?
This is excellent on Arsenal and Wenger by @_PaulHayward #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10808016/Arsenal-must-dictate-terms-to-manager-Arsene-Wenger.html …
Swansea boss Garry Monk targets Arsenal FA Cup hero and is interested in Crystal Palace midfielder #swans #afc #cpfc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/swansea-city/10816395/Swansea-City-want-Arsenal-goalkeeper-Lukasz-Fabianski.html …
Still feel Arsenal will win this. I think it will end up 4-2. Hull fans feel free to retweet if you hold on. Entertaining final so far.
Pleased for the Arsenal fans I know (Inc both sets of neighbours) and pleased I can stop writing 'trophy drought'
@jon8oy86 Arsenal first refusal clause is an undisputed fact - doesn't mean they will definitely re-sign him tho
"@Cathorla I think he'll leave this summer, but too early to say where to. Arsenal hold the aces if they want him back."
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger sees Milner as a potential replacement for Sagna at right-back #afc #mcfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10850533/Arsenal-manager-Arsene-Wenger-weighing-up-James-Milner-as-replacement-for-Bacary-Sagna.html …
Arsenal set to move for £15m-rated Cardiff keeper Marshall as Fabianski nears Swansea switch #afc #bluebirds #swanshttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10857314/Arsenal-poised-to-swoop-for-Cardiff-City-goalkeeper-David-Marshall.html …
"I should add that a player being rated at £15m by a club does not mean he will end up costing that much. Cardiff's valuation, not Arsenal's"
"Marshall only signed new contract in Feb. I'm not aware of a clause, so unless there is one Cardiff will want big money. Arsenal will haggle"
Arsenal target goalkeeper David Marshall. Cardiff value him at 15m #afc #bluebirds http:/ http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10857314/Arsenal-prepared-to-swoop-for-David-Marshall-and-hope-to-beat-Tottenham-to-the-Cardiff-City-goalkeeper.html …
@ArsenalFCView  that Arsenal want Marshall? Yes 100 per cent. Will they agree a price? No idea.
@ArsenalFCView  just written Cardiff's valuation. If Arsenal do sign him then I agree it will be for much less. They certainly want him
@ArsenalFCView @markthg don't see how reporting who Arsenal want to sign is a non story. Many valuations start high and drop.
"Arsenal set to rule out a move for Fabregas, which could leave path clear for Manchester City #afc #mcfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10868044/Cesc-Fabregas-will-not-return-to-Arsenal-from-Barcelona-as-Arsene-Wenger-rules-out-30m-move.html …"
Balotelli on list of strikers Arsenal are looking at #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10869042/Arsenal-put-Mario-Balotelli-on-their-list-of-summer-targets-but-opt-out-of-buying-back-Cesc-Fabregas.html …
Chelsea don't want Arsenal to profit from Fabregas deal #cfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/10885520/Arsenal-could-miss-out-on-Cesc-Fabregas-payment-in-Chelsea-transfer-deal-with-Barcelona.html …
Arsenal captain Vermaelen agrees Manchester United deal in principle. Fee yet to be agreed  #afc #mufchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10902101/Arsenal-captain-Thomas-Vermaelen-agrees-deal-to-join-Manchester-United-this-summer.html …
Arsenal make Alexis Sanchez enquiry #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10923375/Arsenal-look-to-sign-Alexis-Sanchez-from-Barcelona.html …
Arsenal also targeted David Marshall as new back up keeper but Southampton can offer 1st team guarantee. Cardiff asking price needs to drop
Arsenal hope to have priced Juventus out of derailing their Sanchez bid. Optimism growing #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10953560/Arsenal-hope-to-complete-Alexis-Sanchez-signing-and-fend-off-competition-from-Juventus.html …
Arsenal closing in on 30m Sanchez signing #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10953560/Arsenal-hope-to-complete-Alexis-Sanchez-signing-and-fend-off-competition-from-Juventus.html …
Arsenal news on Sanchez and other transfers as Liverpool bid to fend off late Spurs move for Origi #afc #lfc #thfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10953560/Arsenal-hope-to-complete-Alexis-Sanchez-signing-and-fend-off-competition-from-Juventus.html …
"Chelsea face biggest threat of World Cup burnout. Figures on Arsenal, Manchester City, United and Liverpool too http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/10958010/Chelseas-stars-face-World-Cup-burnout-fear-with-players-featuring-in-more-minutes-than-Premier-League-rivals.html …"
"@timpayton thanks, yeah I agree that a priority for Arsenal should be a centre back"
Why Alexis Sanchez will be the real game-changer for Arsenal #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10959346/Alexis-Sanchez-will-be-Arsenals-game-changer.-Arsene-Wenger-has-been-crying-out-for-a-world-class-striker.html …
Arsenal sign Sanchez. Very good work #afc
I wrote this today on why the signing of Alexis Sanchez is a game-changer for Arsenal #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10959346/Alexis-Sanchez-will-be-Arsenals-game-changer.-Arsene-Wenger-has-been-crying-out-for-a-world-class-forward.html …
Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere won't fall short because he smoked a cigarette. My take on 'fag-gate' #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10968012/Jack-Wilshere-still-has-much-to-learn-on-the-pitch-for-Arsenal-but-smoking-a-cigarette-on-holiday-is-irrelevant.html …
Agent claims Khedira is not in talks with Arsenal or Chelsea #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10971831/Sami-Khedira-is-not-in-talks-with-Arsenal-and-Chelsea-according-to-agent-Jorg-Neubauer.html …
Jose Mourinho claims Cesc Fabregas never wanted Arsenal return #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/players/cesc-fabregas/10977601/Jose-Mourinho-mocks-Arsenal-over-Cesc-Fabregass-move-to-Chelsea.html …
Arsenal will have to pay full fee up front to land Carvalho from Sporting Lisbon #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10979220/Arsenal-will-have-to-pay-at-least-24m-for-Sporting-Lisbon-midfielder-William-Carvalho.html …
"Atletico Madrid fancy Arsenal pair Monreal and Cazorla, and, surprisingly, may face competition for Torres #afc #cfc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10984250/Atletico-Madrid-add-Arsenal-pair-Nacho-Monreal-and-Santi-Cazorla-to-summer-shopping-list.html …"
Arsenal close in on the signing of Southampton youngster Calum Chambers #afc #saintshttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10992125/Arsenal-step-up-efforts-to-sign-Southampton-defender-Calum-Chambers.html …
"I was in a small group of journos who interviewed Calum Chambers last season. Really down to earth, nice lad. V good signing 4 Arsenal #afc"
Arsenal to announce Calum Chambers signing in deal worth a total of 16million #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10994347/Arsenal-manager-Arsene-Wenger-admits-paying-16m-for-Southamptons-Calum-Chambers-is-a-gamble.html …
Arsenal re-open contract talks with Olivier Giroud #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/10997546/Arsenal-re-open-contract-talks-with-Olivier-Giroud-with-Arsene-Wenger-optimistic-an-agreement-can-be-struck.html …
Wenger drops heaviest hint yet that he was ready to walk away but says power shift is now in Arsenal's favour #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11006693/Arsenal-manager-Arsene-Wenger-hints-that-he-could-have-left-the-Emirates-Stadium-in-the-summer.html …
"Chambers has started very confidently in the centre of defence for Arsenal today, Impressive so far"
Arsenal should have had a pen and the Monaco keeper should have been sent-off. They got a free-kick and the keeper got a yellow card
Arsenal being robbed of Emirates Cup glory here.
Full-time here. Monaco 1 Arsenal 0 and I have no idea who has won the Emirates Cup. And i don't care.
Wenger made it clear after Arsenal game that he has signed Calum Chambers as a centre back or central midfielder - not really a right back
Arsenal hold fears over Khedira's injury record as interest in Carvalho grows #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11011540/Arsenal-target-William-Carvalho-as-doubts-emerge-over-50m-move-for-Real-Madrids-Sami-Khedira.html …
Interview with Aaron Ramsey on his transformation from nearly man to talisman and becoming Arsenal's Gerrard #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11019770/Arsenal-midfielder-Aaron-Ramsey-ready-to-take-on-Steven-Gerrard-role-ahead-of-new-Premier-League-season.html …
"Selling Vermaelen for 15m may well be good business, but it leaves Arsenal woefully short at centre back. Top class defender now a must #afc"
Manolas on Arsenal radar #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11029120/Arsenal-consider-Greek-centre-back-Kostas-Manolas-to-fill-void-left-by-departure-of-Thomas-Vermaelen.html …
"No link but Aston Villa are latest club to enquire about taking Serge Gnabry on loan from Arsenal. Saints, Sunderland and Palace interested"
@OllieHolt22 @johncrossmirror The Arsenal glory years is only available on VHS i'm led to believe.
"My top four prediction (in order) is: Chelsea, Manchester City, Arsenal, Manchester United. Bottom three: C Palace, West Brom, Burnley."
"Alex Song on a free loan would be a very good signing for Tottenham, Everton or Manchester United. Had a v good final season at Arsenal."
I used to love watching Cesc Fabregas at Arsenal and it looks like i'm going to love watching him at Chelsea. Superb debut so far.
"As reported by my colleague John Percy, Arsenal's Tom Fox set for Aston Villa chief executive role. Excellent appointment by Villa #avfc"
Arsenal still looking at Carvalho and Khedira as they continue to assess Arteta fitness #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11049919/Arsenal-monitor-William-Carvalho-and-Sami-Khedira.html …
Welbeck told he can leave Manchester United. Tottenham and Arsenal have had a look in the past #mufc #thfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/manchester-united/11050696/Danny-Welbeck-told-he-can-leave-Manchester-United-sparking-interest-from-Arsenal-and-Tottenham.html …
One of my favourite Arsene Wenger quotes in this piece with the Arsenal boss on managers facing criticism #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11051856/Arsenal-manager-Arsene-Wenger-drowns-out-critics-with-80s-pop-music.html …
Juventus to open Podolski talks/Arsenal expected to bid for Carvalho #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11054087/Arsenal-transfer-news-Juventus-target-loan-deal-with-view-to-permanent-move-for-Lukas-Podolski.html …
Arsenal fear Giroud ankle injury could force club into late transfer window move for a striker #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11054735/Arsenal-could-be-forced-into-late-transfer-window-move-for-striker-after-Olivier-Giroud-injures-ankle.html …
Updated Giroud story. Fears he could miss as much as 3 months with Arsenal manager Wenger facing striker hunt #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11055417/Arsenal-fear-Olivier-Giroud-may-be-out-for-three-months-forcing-Arsene-Wenger-back-into-the-transfer-market.html …
Shock - Giroud not part of arsenal training today. Podolski and Sanogo are.
"Zigic and Arsenal is complete nonsense, in case you hadn't guessed #afc"
That was tense but Arsenal make the CL proper for 17th successive season.
I still think it's a joke Arsenal now go into pot one in tomorrow's CL draw
Wilshere on right track/Ozil wasted on left. 5 things we learned from Arsenal-Besiktas #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11060378/Arsenal-1-Besiktas-0-Five-things-we-learnt.html …
Wenger vows Arsenal will not panic buy after Giroud undergoes surgery #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11060388/Arsenal-v-Besiktas-Olivier-Giroud-surgery-will-not-force-panic-buy-insists-Arsene-Wenger.html …
My point that Arsenal shouldn't be in pot one upset a few people. I just think a team that comes through qualifying shouldn't be seeded one.
Arsenal's consistency in the CL is superb + Wenger deserves much credit for it. But I don't think the competition should reward consistency
Arsenal made a call on Remy yesterday but didn't pursue it. Question has to be why the call didn't go in as soon as Giroud was injured?
Groundhog Day for Arsenal and their fans. Wenger desperately needs a striker. Falcao? Bony? #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/competitions/premier-league/11066654/Leicester-City-1-Arsenal-1-Leonardo-Ulloa-cancels-out-Alexis-Sanchezs-opener-as-Arsene-Wengers-side-are-held.html …
Nastasic not keen on loan moves to West Ham or Everton and Man City reluctant to let him join Arsenal. Up soon on http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/football-transfers/11055701/Transfer-deadline-day-news-and-rumours-live.html …
"As reported on our Telegraph transfer blog, Arsenal have rejected the offer to sign Jermain Defoe on loan #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/football-transfers/11055701/Transfer-deadline-day-live.html …"
I like Welbeck and I think he's a good signing for Arsenal. But I'm not convinced he's exactly what they need.
Arsenal to nurse Koscielny after failing to sign centre back #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11071603/Arsenal-to-wrap-Laurent-Koscielny-in-cotton-wool-after-failing-to-sign-Matija-Nastasic-in-transfer-window.html …
Cain Hoy founder linked to Spurs is part of LA Dodgers group who outbid Arsenal's Stan Kroenke to buy franchise #thfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/tottenham-hotspur/11092135/Tottenham-Hotspur-takeover-LA-Dodgers-owner-Todd-Boehly-founded-group-weighing-up-bid-for-Spurs.html …
Great Wilshere story by @CharlieWyett that was confirmed today on him convincing Welbeck to join. Good to see Charlie setting Arsenal agenda
Interesting from @JWTelegraph that Arsenal's wage bill is now higher than Chelsea's. Does that mean finishing behind them would be failure?
I thought Jamie Carragher's column on Arsenal was spot on today but I still expect them to leave Villa Park with 3 points later.
Arsenal dismayed over the handling of Ozil injury news by German federation #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11149075/Arsenal-dismay-as-Mesut-Ozil-ruled-out-for-three-months-with-knee-ligament-injury.html …
Arsenal left-back Gibbs to make first England start in almost four years tonight #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/england/11150932/Kieran-Gibbs-will-be-handed-first-England-start-for-nearly-four-years-against-San-Marino-at-Wembley.html …
Arsenal forward Walcott to play his first game of football in nine months on Friday #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11164494/Theo-Walcott-to-play-for-Arsenal-for-first-time-in-nine-months-in-under-21-game-against-Blackburn-on-Friday.html …
If only there was somebody tweeting every question and answer from Arsenal's AGM #unsubscribe
This is brilliant by @jonathanliew on Arsenal #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11172826/Arsene-Wengers-calm-demeanour-slips-after-Arsenal-scramble-a-2-2-draw-against-Hull-City.html …
"Arsenal, Chelsea, Manchester United, Liverpool and Tottenham all turned down the chance to take Song on loan. Wonder if they all would now?"
Sanchez is proving himself to be quite a signing for Arsenal. Superb player
Arsenal forward Theo Walcott poised for England recall #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/england/11212174/Arsenal-forward-Theo-Walcott-poised-for-England-recall.html …
My Swansea-Arsenal match report #swans #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/competitions/premier-league/11219528/Swansea-City-2-Arsenal-1-Gylfi-Sigurdsson-and-Bafetimbi-Gomis-exposes-Arsene-Wengers-familiar-defensive-failings.html …
@gentlemanabroad very good to hear. The Kardashians may well be a tighter defensive unit than Arsenal at the mo
Arsene Wenger blocks Wilshere's wish to play England holding role for Arsenal #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11240999/Jack-Wilshere-I-want-to-play-in-holding-role-for-Arsenal-like-I-do-for-England-but-Arsene-Wenger-will-not-let-me.html …
Luke Shaw urges Manchester United team-mates to take frustration out on Arsenal #mufc #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/manchester-united/11242142/Manchester-United-defender-Luke-Shaw-calls-on-fringe-players-to-shine-against-Arsenal.html …
"Understand argument Slovenia and Scotland not as strong as many PL teams, but think Wilshere should be give a go in deep role for Arsenal"
Wilshere looks as though he's being coached to play a position for England. Not really seen evidence of that at Arsenal....
@AngryOfN5 they've charged already mate. Odd as Arsenal fans i meet are without exception reasonable + knowledgeable - but on Twitter...
Arsenal willing to stretch Wenger's transfer budget to cover injuries. Cabaye an option #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11259334/Arsenal-news-Arsene-Wenger-to-be-given-extra-transfer-funds-to-tackle-Emirates-injury-crisis.html …
Mourinho gives Chelsea squad mini breaks to try to avoid Arsenal and Man United-style injury crisis #cfc #afc #mufc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/11282963/Chelsea-vs-Sporting-Lisbon-Jose-Mourinho-gives-John-Terry-Eden-Hazard-and-Willian-winter-break.html …
"Ramsey, Koscielny and Monreal all injured and out of Arsenal's game against Newcastle #afc"
Arsenal injury crisis deepens as Ramsey is ruled out for up to four weeks #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11289500/Arsenal-team-news-Aaron-Ramsey-joins-injured-list-and-misses-Newcastle-United-game.html …
Arsenal boss Wenger gives Debuchy 24 hours to learn how to be a centre back ahead of facing Newcastle #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11291432/Arsenal-give-Mathieu-Debuchy-given-24-hour-crash-course-in-central-defence.html …
Debuchy given 24 hours to learn how to play centre back before facing former club Newcastle with Arsenal #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11291432/Arsenal-give-Mathieu-Debuchy-given-24-hour-crash-course-in-central-defence.html …
Arsenal v Monaco #afc. Arsenal finally get a good ast-16 draw
"Champions League draw news and reaction on Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester City #afc #cfc #mcfc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/competitions/champions-league/11294114/Champions-League-draw-last-16-Manchester-City-to-face-Barcelona-as-Arsenal-land-dream-tie-with-Monaco.html …"
Arsenal legend Henry retires from playing football to join Sky but contract leaves door open on management #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11295727/Thierry-Henry-joins-Sky-as-football-pundit-in-deal-worth-25m.html …
Wonderkid Odegaard trained with Arsenal today but can they convince him to snub Bayern? #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11297163/Arsenal-transfer-news-Arsene-Wenger-invites-Liverpool-target-Martin-Odegaard-to-train-at-London-Colney.html …
Thierry Henry interview - my Arsenal dream #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11297993/Thierry-Henry-Managing-Arsenal-would-be-a-dream.html …
Thierry Henry interview on his Arsenal dream and the night he wanted to hug everybody inside the Emirates #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11297993/Thierry-Henry-Managing-Arsenal-would-be-a-dream.html …
Tottenham fear an Arsenal hijacking and may be forced to shelve Rodriguez interest #thfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11304112/Arsenal-transfers-Arsene-Wenger-weighs-up-bid-for-Tottenham-target-Morgan-Schneiderlin.html …
My first Villa game was a 5-0 defeat at home to Arsenal in the year Villa were relegated and i cheered all five Arsenal goals....
"Apols, my first Villa game was Villa 0, Arsenal 4 (86) and one of the goals was an own goal so I technically only cheered 3 Arsenal goals!"
Inter Milan express interest in Arsenal outcast Podolski #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11312275/Arsenal-transfer-news-Inter-Milan-express-interest-in-signing-Lukas-Podolski.html …
Very rare to see an Arsenal player take a penalty that he won. Sanchez did and saw a terrible effort saved. Still 0-0 at the Emirates
"He may have fluffed his pen, but QPR defenders cannot cope with Sanchez. Arsenal tactic must be just to get the ball to him."
"Gibbs cross, Sanchez header. 1-0 Arsenal. Redknapp will be fuming that Sanchez was left unmarked inside six-yard box"
2-0 Arsenal. Brilliant run from Sanchez and well taken goal by Rosicky.
Austin pen 2-1 Arsenal. Wenger unhappy with decision after Hoilett went down under Debuchy challenge.
Podolski to hold talks over Arsenal future as Inter Milan try to secure loan deal #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11315081/Arsenal-transfer-news-Lukas-Podolski-to-hold-immediate-talks-over-future-as-Inter-Milan-express-loan-interest.html …
Arsenal 1 up. Cazorla penalty. West Ham unhappy but Reid definitely tripped Cazorla in area.
2-0 Arsenal. Welbeck scores from Oxlade-Chamberlain cross.
Arsenal 2 up. Welbeck from Oxlade-Chamberlain cross. West Ham had switched off
Arsenal manager Wenger calls on the FA to ban the divers #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11318147/Arsene-Wenger-calls-on-FA-to-ban-diving.html …
Arsenal manager Wenger regrets letting Walcott go on England duty as he closes in on full return #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11318960/Arsenal-injuries-Arsene-Wenger-regrets-releasing-Theo-Walcott-for-England-duty-as-winger-nears-return.html …
I still don't think Szczesny has been properly coached since he's been at Arsenal. He's still all raw talent and bad decision making.
Chelsea and Mourinho will not pick Cech's next club for him which opens door to Arsenal summer bid #cfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11331978/Arsenal-ponder-summer-bid-for-Chelsea-goalkeeper-Petr-Cech-as-Liverpool-and-Roma-also-target-Czech-shotstopper.html …
Arteta op increases Arsenal's need to spend but captain still poised to sign new contract #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11349660/Arsene-Wenger-pledges-to-work-night-and-day-to-spend-20m-Arsenal-kitty-on-reinforcements.html …
In less than 1 day Arsenal's prognosis on Arteta goes from 3 months to 6 weeks - no wonder people think their medical dep is a shambles
Cesc Fabregas has 20 assists in all comps for Chelsea. Thierry Henry assisted 23 goals in all comps for Arsenal in 2002/03. 20 in PL
As pointed out by about a million Arsenal fans Henry also got 32 goals 02/03. 32 goals and 23 assists in just outrageously good.
Arsenal put the one-man team argument to bed today then.
Wenger's light-bulb moment means Arsenal's victory over Manchester City does not need to be a false dawn #afc #mcfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11354528/Arsenal-beating-Man-City-False-dawn-or-corner-turned.html …
I don't see a single reason why Arsenal target Gabriel should be granted a work permit to join PL. It would make a mockery of. Dyke's plan.
"Cesc Fabregas exclusive interview on Chelsea, trophies, captaincy, assists and a bit of Arsenal #cfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/players/cesc-fabregas/11371020/Cesc-Fabregas-Time-for-this-Chelsea-team-to-prove-it-has-the-winning-mentality.html …"
"An interview with Cesc Fabregas on Chelsea, trophies, assists, captaincy and a bit of Arsenal #cfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/players/cesc-fabregas/11371020/Cesc-Fabregas-Time-for-this-Chelsea-team-to-prove-it-has-the-winning-mentality.html …"
Lambert accuses his Villa players of throwing in the towel against Arsenal #avfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/aston-villa/11382917/Arsenal-vs-Aston-Villa-Paul-Lambert-accuses-his-players-of-throwing-in-the-towel-in-5-0-defeat.html …
"Adebayor tells Tottenham fans 'I'm sorry', says he has no problem with Levy and wants to face Arsenal in NLD #thfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/tottenham-hotspur/11391115/Emmanuel-Adebayor-apologises-to-booing-Tottenham-fans-and-insists-he-has-no-problem-with-Daniel-Levy.html …"
"Ian Wright speaking on the Emirates pitch at ht between Arsenal and Leicester tonight - describes Tottenham as ""bastards""."
Arsenal fans outraged by Ian Wright's language. Not.
Arsenal suffer new injury scares over Ramsey and Sanchez #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11404540/Arsenal-news-Aaron-Ramsey-in-fresh-injury-scare.html …
Ramsey set to miss at least four weeks but Sanchez ok and Wilshere on way back for Arsenal http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11405999/Arsenal-news-Aaron-Ramsey-expected-to-be-out-injured-for-at-least-four-weeks.html …
Olivier Giroud is one of the most underrated strikers in the PL. The movement and finish for Arsenal's second goal v Boro was top class
Good performance by Arsenal but disappointing contest at the Emirates. Arsenal's domination has made this fairly dull
Wenger hails Giroud's Arsenal transformation #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11414602/Arsenal-striker-Olivier-Giroud-is-a-transformed-player-says-Arsene-Wenger.html …
Tottenham knocked out mufc on their way to FA Youth Cup semi tie v Chelsea. Spurs not been in final since '95. Arsenal knocked out by Crewe.
"@strood_the @kickarseHD they're behind Arsenal at senior level for sure, but their youth set up is currently better."
Unbelievably stupid from Di Maria. Surely Arsenal will close this out now.
"Fair play to Arsenal, thought they played really well and deserved to win. Got to be favourites to retain Cup."
Lots of outrage at Chelsea surrounding referees but the best Manchester United and Arsenal sides used to do it just as regularly.
"Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho says Arsenal are in the title race, but then takes the mickey a bit #cfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/11473789/Jose-Mourinho-claims-Arsenal-are-back-in-the-title-race.html …"
@Arselona @NeilPayne @pjbish No worries. Hope you are all well and enjoying Arsenal's good run!
Good effort by Arsenal. Nobody does a glorious failure quite like them.
Liverpool players could be given a break by England manager Roy Hodgson. Arsenal will be delighted #lfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/england/11481618/England-could-rest-Liverpool-quartet-for-Euro-2016-qualifier-but-what-will-Premier-League-rivals-think.html …
Liverpool are interested in Arsenal's Theo Walcott #lfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11484231/Arsenal-transfer-news-Liverpool-target-Theo-Walcott-as-Raheem-Sterling-contract-talks-continue-to-stall.html …
Arsenal and Roma are currently leading the chase for Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11498725/Arsenal-and-Roma-lead-the-chase-to-sign-10m-Chelsea-goalkeeper-Petr-Cech.html …
Francis Coquelin - Arsenal's renaissance man #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11514130/Francis-Coquelin-Arsenals-Renaissance-Man.html …
Arsenal renaissance man Coquelin looking forward to staying close to Coutinho #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11514130/Francis-Coquelin-Arsenals-Renaissance-Man.html …
Costa set to miss key Chelsea games against Manchester Utd and Arsenal after latest hamstring blow #cfc #mufc #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/11516376/Diego-Costa-set-to-miss-key-games-against-Manchester-United-and-Arsenal.html …
Costa desperate to be fit for Arsenal 'decider' but may be frustrated. Plus Fiorentina take Salah option #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/11520671/Chelsea-news-Diego-Costa-desperate-to-recover-in-time-for-title-decider-against-Arsenal.html …
Arsenal ready to reject summer bids for Jack Wilshere amid interest from #mcfc. New contract a possibility #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11521801/Arsenal-transfer-news-Gunners-to-reject-bids-for-Jack-Wilshere-and-ward-off-Manchester-City-interest.html …
Arsenal are among a host of Premier League clubs watching Charlton's Joe Gomez #afc #cafchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11522296/Arsenal-transfer-news-Meet-the-Charlton-teenage-defender-linked-with-switch-to-the-Emirates.html …
@johnnie_jackson If he's that good he'll swerve Arsenal and end up at Chelsea then. All players want trophies eh....?!
Chelsea make a check on Arsenal target Schneiderlin as they weigh up alternatives to Pogba #cfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/11522753/Chelsea-transfer-news-Morgan-Schneiderlin-a-possible-target-for-Jose-Mourinho.html …
Arsenal hope Oxlade-Chamberlain can avoid surgery after latest injury setback/Wenger on squad age #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11526008/Arsenal-sweat-on-Alex-Oxlade-Chamberlain-fitness-after-forward-is-ruled-out-of-FA-Cup-semi-final.html …
Redknapp also claims he expected Remy to join Arsenal this summer and that he is a a bit wasted at Chelsea #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/11526837/Chelsea-striker-Loic-Remy-returns-to-old-club-QPR-enjoying-belated-chance-to-shine.html …
"Arsene Wenger labels post-season tours a ""nightmare"" as Arsenal scale back summer plans #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11527560/Arsenal-news-Arsene-Wenger-slams-nightmare-post-season-tours.html …"
Fabregas puts title within Chelsea's reach and puts dent in dreams of his former club Arsenal #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/queens-park-rangers/11530766/Cesc-Fabregass-late-winner-at-QPR-steers-Chelsea-closer-to-the-title.html …
Per Mertesacker set to miss Arsenal's game against Chelsea #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11553127/Arsenal-news-Per-Mertesacker-a-doubt-for-Chelsea-game.html …
Wenger urges Arsenal fans to show Fabregas respect when midfielder returns to the Emirates with Chelsea #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11557446/Cesc-Fabregas-should-be-treated-with-respect-by-Arsenal-fans-when-Chelsea-come-to-Emirates-says-Arsene-Wenger.html …
Mourinho hoping for double Chelsea striker boost for Arsenal game. #cfc #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/11559706/Chelsea-strikers-Diego-Costa-and-Didier-Drogba-fight-to-return-for-Arsenal-clash-at-Emirates.html …
Mourinho hoping for double striker boost ahead of Chelsea's game against Arsenal #cfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/11559706/Chelsea-strikers-Diego-Costa-and-Didier-Drogba-fight-to-return-for-Arsenal-clash-at-Emirates.html …
@stewartjoseph I'm fully aware but impossible to prove and neither arsenal or fabregas will confirm it.
Chelsea do not start with any recognised strikers v Arsenal today. Drogba on the bench #cfc #afc
Mourinho: PFA team wouldnt win the title because it doesn't have enough Chelsea players/Arsenal fans agree with me http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/11565802/Jose-Mourinho-says-the-PFA-Team-of-the-Year-didnt-have-enough-Chelsea-players.html …
"Maybe if Emirates sponsor the Premier League, Arsenal will win that too. #emiratescup #emiratesfacup"
"@pjbish haha, see i'm assuiming arsenal will win this season's Emirates FA Cup..."
Arsenal also interested in Manchester United target Gundogan #afc #mufchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11574934/Arsenal-transfer-news-Arsene-Wenger-ready-to-challenge-Man-Utd-for-Ilkay-Gundogan.html …
Arsenal confident they won't be backed into a corner over Wilshere's future #afc #mcfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11576686/Arsenal-will-not-be-forced-into-giving-Jack-Wilshere-bumper-wage-increase-after-Manchester-City-interest.html …
Wenger ready to let Walcott enter final 6 months of his Arsenal contract #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11591845/Arsenal-ready-to-make-Theo-Walcott-sweat-over-his-future.html …
Swansea defeat ended Chambers' right-back hopes but Wenger backs him to challenge for Arsenal centre back spot #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11595918/Arsene-Wenger-tips-Calum-Chambers-to-fill-centre-back-void.html …
Arsenal on course for Champions League Vermaelen bonus - even tho he hasn't played for Barca #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11606054/Arsenal-to-bank-3m-if-Barcelona-win-Champions-League-as-part-of-Thomas-Vermaelen-transfer.html …
Schmeichel on Arsenal radar in case Chelsea block Cech move #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11606180/Arsenal-transfer-news-Kasper-Schmeichel-a-target-if-club-fail-to-land-Chelseas-Petr-Cech.html …
Fair play to Arsenal fans backing the Villa Wembley flag campaign. Classy.
"@pjbish @AngryOfN5 Arsenal fans are some of my favourite in the country, but they are a force of nature on the internet."
Arsenal's Wojciech Szczesny waiting on FA Cup final place. Wilshere and Walcott sweating too #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11634801/Arsenals-Wojciech-Szczesny-waiting-on-FA-Cup-final-place.html …
FA Cup final 2015: Wenger giving serious consideration to starting Ospina over Szczesny for Arsenal #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11637035/FA-Cup-final-2015-Arsenal-goalkeeper-Wojciech-Szczesny-faces-place-on-bench-at-Wembley.html …
"Arsenal news: It took half a year to get my head right after winning World Cup, admits Per Mertesacker #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11636550/Arsenal-news-It-took-half-a-year-to-get-my-head-right-after-winning-World-Cup-admits-Per-Mertesacker.html …"
FA Cup final 2015: Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny not certain on his Wembley place as Wenger considers Ospina http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11637035/FA-Cup-final-2015-Arsenal-goalkeeper-Wojciech-Szczesny-faces-place-on-bench-at-Wembley.html …
Arsenal goalkeeper Szczesny forced to discredit his own father on the eve of the FA Cup final. #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11639076/Wojciech-Szczesny-hits-out-at-his-own-father-for-attacking-Arsene-Wenger.html …
Arsenal defender Arsenal's Hector Bellerin promises not to follow compatriot Cesc Fabregas's example #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11638879/Arsenal-defender-Hector-Bellerin-promises-not-to-follow-compatriot-Cesc-Fabregass-example.html …
"FA Cup final 2015: Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger on his ""nightmare"", a possible record and ""a guy called Ramsay."" #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11638152/FA-Cup-final-2015-Arsene-Wenger-jokes-his-cleaners-may-have-stolen-his-medals.html …"
At least Villa's fans turned up - Shame the team didn't. Arsenal far too good.
Arsenal's Gedion Zelalem rocking a nice rabona cross in U20 World Cup here #afchttps://twitter.com/socceroverthere/status/605660357055512577 …
Chelsea WILL allow Petr Cech to join an English rival (Arsenal or Manchester United) #cfc #afc #mufchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11654368/Chelsea-will-allow-Petr-Cech-to-join-Arsenal-or-Manchester-United.html …
@CHanrahan1982 @VinAtticus @DayniLinzi arsenal believe they are due the money regardless of whether he played
@jimmydan33 arsenal believe they are due the money
@harryphillips1 Arsenal certainly interested but they wont pay him £170k a week either. Demands will need to come down
Mourinho warns Arsenal + Manchester United that he will respond to Cech bids by chasing their players #cfc #afc #mufchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/11662720/Chelsea-transfer-news-Jose-Mourinho-warns-Arsenal-and-Man-Utd-bid-for-Petr-Cech-and-Ill-move-for-your-players.html …
Arsenal to step up contract talks with Theo Walcott #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11676665/Arsenal-to-step-up-contract-talks-with-Theo-Walcott.html …
Arsenal transfer target Grzegorz Krychowiak top English clubs on alert by switching agents #afc #mufc #mcfc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11675462/Arsenal-transfer-target-Grezegorz-Krychowiak-puts-Arsene-Wenger-on-alert-after-switching-to-British-agent.html …
Szczesny up for Cech battle at Arsenal but Ospina is set to be offered a route out #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11683585/Arsenal-transfer-news-Wojciech-Szczesny-will-stay-and-fight-for-his-place-as-Petr-Cech-signing-draws-nearer.html …
Arsenal edging closer to Cech signing and Ospina looks to be the fall guy #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11685137/Arsenal-transfer-news-Petr-Cech.html …
@arsenal_jon I'm less sure on that
@arsenal_jon yes
"Why Abramovich will sell Cech to Arsenal, why Mourinho doesn't want to and what it means for Wenger #cfc #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/11692644/Chelsea-goalkeeper-Petr-Cech-poised-to-get-his-way-and-make-move-to-Arsenal-thanks-to-Roman-Abramovich.html …"
"Petr Cech - why Abramovich is selling him to Arsenal, why Mourinho doesn't want to and what it means for #cfc + #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/11692644/Chelsea-goalkeeper-Petr-Cech-poised-to-get-his-way-and-make-move-to-Arsenal-thanks-to-Roman-Abramovich.html …"
Roma have made Arsenal an offer to take Szczesny on a season-long loan. Could suit all parties #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11754230/Arsenal-transfer-news-Roma-poised-to-take-Wojciech-Szczesny-on-loan-following-Petr-Cechs-arrival-at-Emirates.html …
Szczesny agrees one-season Roma loan from Arsenal #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/transfers/11756472/Arsenal-transfer-news-Wojciech-Szczesny-agrees-to-join-Roma-on-a-season-long-loan.html …
Arsenal's new away kit is weird. Players either look sweaty or like they've been rolling in mud.
Olivier Giroud puts Arsenal header with his shoulder from Ozil free-kick against Lyon.
This Arsenal away kit really is a minger.
Really good goals from Ox and Iwobi (nephew of Jay-Jay Okocha) make it Arsenal 3 Lyon 0.
"Arsenal 6, Lyon 0. Arsenal were much better than the shirts on their backs."
Arsenal match report - summers of frustration and panic replaced by calm and optimism. All feels a bit weird #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11763140/Arsenal-6-Lyon-0-match-report-Gunners-run-riot-at-Emirates-as-Olivier-Giroud-and-Mesut-Ozil-run-the-show.html …
Szczesny in Rome now completing his loan move from Arsenal. Should be formally announced later #afc
"Theo Walcott has signed a new four-year Arsenal contract worth £140,000-a-week. Club's joint highest earner. More on @telefootball #afc"
Theo Walcott becomes Arsenal's joint highest earner. Story #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11775574/Theo-Walcott-becomes-one-of-Arsenals-highest-paid-players-with-a-new-four-year-contract.html …
Will Petr Cech's transfer from Arsenal be the favour that haunts Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho? #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11776557/Petr-Cechs-transfer-from-Arsenal-may-be-the-favour-that-haunts-Chelsea-manager-Jose-Mourinho.html …
Arsenal-Chelsea match report. Wenger ends his hoodoo but swerves a pat on the back from Jose #cfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11778812/Arsenal-1-Chelsea-0-Community-Shield-2015-match-report-Alex-Oxlade-Chamberlain-gives-Arsene-Wenger-first-win-over-Jose-Mourinho.html …
Arsenal are refusing to give up on Karim Benzema - still hope a deal can be done #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11785069/Arsenal-still-hopeful-of-Karim-Benzema-transfer.html …
Don't think I've seen Swansea lose in PL live yet - ahead of interviewing manager and chairman last season they won home and away v arsenal
West Ham starlet Reece Oxford dreamed of seeing Ozil at Arsenal - his close up view went pretty pretty well #whu #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/west-ham/11794622/Reece-Oxford-wanted-Mesut-Ozil-at-Arsenal-but-stopped-him-from-playing-against-West-Ham.html …
"How strange, Cazorla is back in the middle and Arsenal are dictating the tempo of the game and creating chances..."
Not sure how Coquelin wasn't sent-off and not sure how Arsenal made that so difficult for themselves. Should have scored more
"Crystal Palace 1 Arsenal 2, Premier League match report: Coquelin escapes as Arsenal secure first win #afc #cpfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11806033/Crystal-Palace-1-Arsenal-2-Premier-League-match-report-Francis-Coquelin-escapes-red-as-Damian-Delaney-own-goal-proves-enough-for-Gunners.html …"
"Why do people make excuses for United? Arsenal used to get battered for missing deals - Ed W can't close the fridge door, let alone a deal."
"According to my TL, West Ham fans are happy, Tottenham and Arsenal fans are angry and everybody else is bored. Fair?"
Costa stitched Gabriel up like a kipper there. Arsenal understandably annoyed by Costa but Gabriel should never have fallen for it
"@JulieBayleyIFA @TheHolteTweets I cover arsenal a lot - his only signing there was Gabriel. Otherwise, he was ignored by Wenger"
Arsene Wenger to escape sanction for Dean comments while Arsenal also hope to get Gabriel ban reduced #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11879850/Arsenal-target-reduced-ban-for-Gabriel-after-Diego-Costa-row-by-using-Chelsea-midfielder-Nemanja-Matic.html …
Arsenal have put in a claim for wrongful dismissal AND excessive charge over Gabriel. New law this year that clubs can go for both #afc
"Costa faces 3-game ban after FA charge, Arsenal fight Gabriel ban, but Dean gets no punishment #cfc #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/players/diego-costa/11880678/Diego-Costa-faces-three-game-ban-after-being-for-violent-conduct-in-Arsenal-game.html …"
Diego Costa faces three game ban after being charged with violent conduct. Arsenal fight Gabriel ban #cfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/players/diego-costa/11880678/Diego-Costa-faces-three-game-ban-after-being-for-violent-conduct-in-Arsenal-game.html …
@deathirwin probably the same reason Charlie Wyett keeps bumping you off Arsenal
@pjbish he needs to play regularly but I can't see that happening at arsenal
"Still not scored away from home for Arsenal, but Ox is comparatively prolific on the road for England!"
@juliebayleyifa @hodgsonhoward @samwallacetel @telefootball Arsenal were going to let Almastadt go before Villa went in for him
"@juliebayleyifa must be right then. Believe me, Arsenal were not in for him or any other left-back"
Walcott set to be ruled out for 3 weeks and 3 crucial games after Arsenal fitness blunder #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11961050/Arsenal-news-Injured-Theo-Walcott-out-for-three-matches-including-Champions-League-clash-with-Bayern-Munich.html …
Arsenal news: Further scan shows Walcott is out for 5 weeks #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11966421/Arsenal-news-Arsene-Wenger-says-its-now-or-never-for-Joel-Campbell.html …
Arsenal news: Second scan shows Theo Walcott is out for five weeks with calf injury #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/11966421/Arsenal-news-Arsene-Wenger-says-its-now-or-never-for-Joel-Campbell.html …
Impressive result for Arsenal today. Surely this is the season they last the pace and challenge to the final weeks
"@10akhil in all seriousness, Jeremy does a superb job on Arsenal so once I joined the Tele I agreed to do more Chelsea"
"@10akhil Haha, I actually tipped Arsenal for the title in our updated predictions last week - admittedly my tip in the summer was Chelsea!"
I'm not sure what's wrong with me but I've become convinced Arsenal are going to win the league. Must be a lack of sleep.
Chelsea news: Diego Costa a doubt for Arsenal clash as Loic Remy hopes an Alexandre Pato deal will hasten exit #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/12104251/Chelsea-news-Diego-Costa-a-doubt-for-Arsenal-clash-as-Loic-Remy-hopes-Alexandre-Pato-deal-will-hasten-exit.html …
"10 years ago today since Theo Walcott signed for Arsenal. Despite the injuries and critics, he's already had a brilliant career"
Arsenal grateful to have Petr Cech's gloves returned... after they were wrongly sent to Chelsea #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/12111483/Arsenal-grateful-to-have-Petr-Cechs-gloves-returned...-after-they-were-wrongly-sent-to-Chelsea.html …
I still think Arsenal will score in this game
Why did Arsenal sign a new midfielder who cannot get into the team ahead of Flamini? Surely it's all about the now this season
Nice work from Arsenal fans and good to see a top club listening to their supporters
Arsenal taunted by Gary Lineker for poaching Ben Wrigglesworth from Leicester - 'You nicked wrong scout' #afc #lcfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/12148833/Arsenal-taunted-by-Gary-Lineker-for-poaching-Ben-Wrigglesworth-from-Leicester-You-nicked-wrong-scout.html …
Arsenal confident Mesut Ozil will stay and sign new contract despite reported Barcelona interest #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/players/mesut-ozil/12155843/Arsenal-confident-Mesut-Ozil-will-stay-and-sign-new-contract-despite-Barcelona-interest.html …
"Judging by the number of 'how to beat Barcelona' articles I've read in the past 24 hours, Arsenal should piss this"
"Arsenal have done well so far, but Oxlade-Chemberlain has to score that chance. Real lack of composure"
Arsenal generally doing v well though. Frustrating Barca and look dangerous on the break
Former Arsenal shareholder positions himself to buy Everton #efc #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/everton/12175747/Everton-poised-for-takeover-by-former-Arsenal-shareholder-Farhad-Moshiri.html …
Exclusive: Former Arsenal shareholder Farhad Moshiri positions himself for Everton takeover #efc #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/everton/12175747/Everton-poised-for-takeover-by-former-Arsenal-shareholder-Farhad-Moshiri.html …
From this am: Everton poised for takeover by former Arsenal shareholder Farhad Moshiri - told deal agreed #efchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/everton/12175747/Everton-poised-for-takeover-by-former-Arsenal-shareholder-Farhad-Moshiri.html …
Moshiri confirmed as Everton's new majority shareholder then. He now has the influence he couldn't buy at Arsenal #efc #afc
Alan Shearer can't have been watching when Walcott rescued Arsenal against Leicester. Arsenal have far bigger problems than Walcott.
If Arsenal had serious ambition they would have moved for Guardiola. But their only real ambition is top four so Wenger is perfect.
My views on Wenger haven't suddenly changed. I've thought he was part of the problem and not the answer for Arsenal for at least three years
@johncrossmirror we've disagreed on Arsenal's 'ambition' and Wenger for some time mate. I don't think we'll find common ground on that one!
@matthughestimes not convinced by the thought of Mourinho at Arsenal either - just seems a bad fit. Convinced Pep would have gone there
@arsenal_rts 3-4-2-1
Angry Arsenal players ripped into each other during crisis meeting to save season #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/03/09/angry-arsenal-players-row-may-have-saved-season/ …
Angry Arsenal players rip into each other during fiery crisis meeting #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/03/09/angry-arsenal-players-row-may-have-saved-season/ …
Arsenal. Same old bollocks. Year after year.
It's the hope that will kill Arsenal fans - my match report #afchttps://twitter.com/telefootball/status/716319065745203200 …
Wenger targets Morata for Arsenal #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/04/07/arsene-wenger-makes-alvaro-morata-top-summer-striker-target-at-a/ …
"Ospina ahead of Cech for Arsenal today. Wow, Wenger really doesn't like making big decisions #afc"
Diafra Sakho puts West Ham future in doubt by pulling out of squad for Arsenal match #whufc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/04/10/diafra-sakho-puts-west-ham-future-in-doubt-by-pulling-out-of-squ/ …
Arsenal's commitment to the annual 'top four race' is total.
Arsenal players increasingly mystified by Wenger's decisions - they had today off #afchttps://twitter.com/telefootball/status/722088498078072832 …
I am at Arsenal today for Arsene Wenger's latest public trial. I am a big critic of his but I hope he doesn't have endure idiotic abuse
Back of Arsenal placards read: ‘Wenger 12 years of excuses. Ranieri 9 months 1 title’. How would #afc fans react if Ranieri replaced Wenger?
"Forget the protest, this is an abysmal performance from Arsenal so far. Dull and predictable with the ball."
Important win for Arsenal but they were terrible. Norwich deserved at least a draw.
"Boring, boring Arsenal? https://twitter.com/telefootball/status/726478022988206081 …"
There were also a lot of empty seats at Arsenal today
Time for change protests will fall on deaf ears at Arsenal - for now #afchttps://twitter.com/telefootball/status/726886488554635265 …
Wenger to remain in total control at Arsenal for one more season - despite 'time for change' protests #afchttps://twitter.com/telefootball/status/726886488554635265 …
Sanchez frustrated at Arsenal #afchttps://twitter.com/telefootball/status/728676730634907648 …
Sanchez growing increasingly frustrated with life at Arsenal #afchttps://twitter.com/telefootball/status/728677001087754240 …
"Having been heralded as non-Spursy, are this #thfc team about to do the most Spursy thing in history and somehow finish below Arsenal?"
"Arsenal's goal difference is currently 13 worse than Tottenham's, but they play Villa on the final day..."
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger faces summer dilemma over Sanchez with Juve circling #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/05/10/alexis-sanchezs-arsenal-situation-monitored-by-juventus-as-arsen/ …
Juventus will try to take advantage of Sanchez's frustration at Arsenal #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/05/10/alexis-sanchezs-arsenal-situation-monitored-by-juventus-as-arsen/ …
Arsenal forward Theo Walcott ready to discuss future with manager Arsene Wenger #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/05/17/arsenal-forward-theo-walcott-ready-to-discuss-future-with-manage/ …
Walcott will seek talks with Wenger over his Arsenal future #afchttps://twitter.com/telefootball/status/732686909579755520 …
Leicester prepare Deeney bid as Vardy considers Arsenal move #afc #lcfc #hornetshttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/06/05/leicester-prepare-bid-for-troy-deeney-as-jamie-vardy-contract-ne/ …
Walcott set to stay at Arsenal despite Vardy bid #afchttps://twitter.com/telefootball/status/739932955922079748 …
Vardy's Leicester team-mates beg him to reject Arsenal with the striker still undecided #lcfc #afchttps://twitter.com/telefootball/status/740074599199576064 …
Theo Walcott poised to stay at Arsenal but give up on being a striker #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/06/06/theo-walcott-assured-of-arsenal-future-and-accepts-wide-right-ro/ …
Jamie Vardy has delayed a decision over whether or not to join Arsenal until after the Euros. Will Arsenal wait? #afc #lcfc
Arsenal have been made aware that Vardy does not plan to make a decision until he has finished at the Euros with England. #afc #lcfc
Adams snubs Arsenal U18s job that Henry wanted to take job in China #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/07/23/arsenal-legend-tony-adams-snubs-arsene-wengers-offer-to-coach-un/ …
Arsenal to make Mustafi bid (should have relatively clear run as Chelsea not in for him) #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/08/08/arsenal-transfer-news-defender-shkodran-mustafi-now-gunners-top/ …
I'm at Arsenal-Liverpool expecting goals so there will be none
Moreno has just had a horrible couple of mins. Gives away the pen and then caught out for Walcott goal. Arsenal 1-0 up
Arsenal 3 Liverpool 4: No club does false starts quite like Arsenal who Wenger admits were not ready #afc #lfc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/0/arsenal-vs-liverpool-premier-league---live/ …
Klopp promises he will not celebrate early again after Liverpool nearly threw away 4-1 lead against Arsenal #lfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/08/14/jurgen-klopp-promises-he-will-not-celebrate-early-again-after-li/ …
Arsenal 3 Liverpool 4: Arsenal are not ready for the season admits Wenger as his team make another false start #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/0/arsenal-vs-liverpool-premier-league---live/ …
Arsenal are in Spain now finalising the Lucas Perez transfer - huge blow to Everton who thought they had him #afc #efc
Story on Arsenal hijacking Everton's Lucas move - transfer being finalised now in Spain #afc #efchttps://twitter.com/telefootball/status/768755083085578240 …
"Despite Spanish reports of a rejected bid, sources close to the deal are still v confident Lucas Perez will join Arsenal #afc"
Arsenal's confused transfer approach laid bare by Lucas off-on interest after they said no to him last week #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/08/25/arsenals-confused-approach-to-summer-transfer-window-laid-bare-b/ …
Arsenal's confused approach to summer transfer window laid bare by Lucas Pérez Martinez off-on interest #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/08/25/arsenals-confused-approach-to-summer-transfer-window-laid-bare-b/ …
"So Chelsea, Everton and Crystal Palace could benefit from Henry this season - but not Arsenal https://twitter.com/mbatshuayi/status/770330661957795841 …"
Baldini holds talks with Wilshere ahead of proposed Roma loan move. Agreement yet to be struck with Arsenal #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/08/31/arsenal-transfer-news-on-deadline-day-live---latest-rumours-and/ …
Arsenal star Jack Wilshere joins Bournemouth on loan after turning down Crystal Palace and Roma #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/08/31/arsenal-transfer-news-on-deadline-day-live---latest-rumours-and/ …
Arsenal playing the biggest game in their CL group and Wenger rests his first choice keeper - hard to understand  https://twitter.com/johncrossmirror/status/775750633412501505 …
Chelsea give Fabregas League Cup chance to stake claim for starting place against Arsenal/ Terry fitness boost #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/09/19/chelsea-give-cesc-fabregas-league-cup-chance-to-stake-a-claim-fo/ …
can you please just accept that West Ham are dead and get on board with mini-Arsenal? It will be easier for everyone
Antonio Conte set to start Cesc Fabregas as Chelsea go on the attack against Arsenal #cfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/09/23/antonio-conte-keeps-faith-in-cesc-fabregas-as-chelsea-go-on-the/ …
Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez warned not to ignore penalty pecking order against Chelsea #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/09/23/arsenal-forward-alexis-sanchez-warned-not-to-take-penalties-agai/ …
Brilliant start for Arsenal. Nightmare at the back for Chelsea. 2-0
Brilliant from Arsenal. Awful from Chelsea. Conte won't be used to defeats like this. A lot of work ahead for him
"My player ratings - Arsenal fans should enjoy them, Chelsea not so much #afc #cfchttps://twitter.com/telefootball/status/779749719757258752 …"
Spineless and lacking soul - what Conte accused his Chelsea players of at half-time in Arsenal defeat #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/09/25/antonio-conte-turn-heat-on-spineless-chelsea-players-during-arse/ …
FA will approach Arsene Wenger again over England manager job but face battle with Arsenal hierarchy  #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/09/28/fa-will-approach-arsene-wenger-again-over-england-manager-job-bu/ …
Tottenham defender Toby Alderweireld losing race to be fit for Arsenal next week #thfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/10/31/tottenham-defender-toby-alderweireld-losing-race-to-be-fit-for-a/ …
Kane ruled out of Leverkusen clash but Spurs powerless to stop England recall if he faces Arsenal #thfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/11/01/harry-kane-returns-to-training-to-give-spurs-north-london-derby/ …
Jack Wilshere admits he was falling out of love with football at Arsenal #afc #enghttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/11/08/jack-wilshere-rejuvenated-at-bournemouth-and-back-in-love-with-f/ …
Wenger admits Arsenal gambled by not tying Wilshere to contract before his loan + calls on him to show loyalty #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/11/25/arsene-wenger-jack-wilshere-will-offered-new-arsenal-contract/ …
Wenger admits Arsenal took a financial gamble by loaning him with no new contract agreed #afchttps://twitter.com/telefootball/status/802287527327461376 …
Andy Carroll ready to return for West Ham in time to beat up Arsenal defence again #whufc #mufc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/11/29/andy-carroll-ready-return-west-ham-time-beat-arsenal-defence/ …
West Ham 1 Arsenal 5: No wonder Arsenal won so easily - they felt more at home at the London Stad than West Ham  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/12/03/west-ham-vs-arsenal-live-score-goal-updates-premier-league-clash/ …
West Ham 1 Arsenal 5: Wenger hails Alexis/Bilic admits his players lack intensity in training as well as games. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/12/03/west-ham-vs-arsenal-live-score-goal-updates-premier-league-clash/ …
Arsenal not planning any first-team signings in the January window #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/12/05/arsenal-not-planning-first-team-transfers-january-window/ …
Arsenal not planning any first-team transfers in January window #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/12/05/arsenal-not-planning-first-team-transfers-january-window/ …
Arsenal could sell Ozil if he does not lower wage demands / Chelsea watching Sanchez situation #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/12/07/arsenal-willing-sell-mesut-ozil-does-not-lowerwage-demands/ …
"Serious question to Arsenal fans. If you can pay one of Ozil and Sanchez £250k+ a week, but not both, who do you choose?"
Arsenal could sell Mesut Ozil if he does not lower wage demands / Chelsea join Sanchez queue #afc #cfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/12/07/arsenal-willing-sell-mesut-ozil-does-not-lowerwage-demands/ …
So people think Arsenal would let Ozil + Sanchez go for free in 18 months (losing £80m) and have to spend £100m to replace them both. Ok.
it's the best Arsenal squad for quite some time.
"I could see Arsenal getting past Bayern Munich and, equally, I could see them getting beaten too. That's why cup draw are pretty dull imo"
Giroud heads late winner to keep slim Arsenal title hopes alive but Pulis claims Chelsea must spend #afc #cfc #wbahttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/12/26/arsenal-v-west-brom-premier-league-live/ …
Tottenham consider January bid for Everton's Ross Barkley. Chelsea and Arsenal could enter chase in summer #thfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2016/12/29/tottenham-consider-january-bid-evertons-ross-barkley/ …
Don't understand why Arsenal didn't do this with Wilshere. Go and play but sign a new deal or run down your contract and sit on the bench... https://twitter.com/chelseafc/status/815182841877303296 …
Arsenal have essentially let Wilshere put himself in the shop window while his value steadily decreases. Very odd
Arsenal players fear exasperated Alexis Sanchez wants to leave #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/01/04/arsenal-players-fear-exasperated-alexis-sanchez-wants-leave/ …
"not sure why Arsenal fans seem annoyed by this. Spurs would demand an awful lot of money for rose or walker, so what?"
Granit Xhaka is now in trouble off the pitch too after the Arsenal star is questioned over alleged racial abuse #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/01/24/granit-xhaka-arsenal-accused-racial-abuse-interviewed-police/ …
From earlier today: Granit Xhaka of Arsenal accused of racially abusing staff member at Heathrow Airport #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/01/24/granit-xhaka-arsenal-accused-racial-abuse-interviewed-police/ …
The cases of Ake + Wilshere highlight why Chelsea win titles and Arsenal don't #cfc #afc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/02/03/chelsea-arsenal-handling-nathan-ake-jack-wilshere-show-one-closing/?WT.mc_id=tmg_share_tw … via @telefootball
Who would Arsenal fans realistically want to succeed Wenger?
Arsenal's current board have never had to appoint a manager or even really think about it. I fear they would get it horribly wrong
not Arsenal but he'll get a decent job at this rate
"Wenger gives Arsenal board exactly what they want - top 4 revenue, Gazidis his big salary and D Law a job. Why would they want to risk that?"
"Arsene Wenger spares Arsenal players a dressing down, but unrest over Mesut Ozil's role grows http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/02/08/arsene-wenger-spares-arsenal-players-dressing-unrest-mesut-ozils/?WT.mc_id=tmg_share_tw … via @telefootball #afc"
Arsenal increasingly anxious Wenger will walk away #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/02/09/arsenal-fear-manager-arsene-wenger-will-walk-away-summer/ …
"Wenger deserves respect alongside the criticism, but I don't understand the sympathy. His contract situation is paralysing Arsenal"
Tottenham always find a way to ease the pain (just a little bit) for Arsenal fans #afc #thfc http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/02/16/gent-vs-tottenham-hotspur-live-score-updates-team-news/ …
Tottenham once again ease the pain for Arsenal fans as their own European struggles continue #thfchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/02/16/gent-vs-tottenham-hotspur-live-score-updates-team-news/ …
Arsenal forced to look for new academy chief after Jonker agrees to be Wolfsburg manager #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/02/27/arsenalacademy-chief-andries-jonker-poised-named-wolfsburg-manager/ …
Wenger rejects record £30m-a-year offer from China/Warburton a candidate for Arsenal academy job #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/02/27/arsene-wenger-turns-30m-year-record-offer-manage-china-opts/ …
Big breaking news - @JWTelegraph has Arsenal finishing outside the top four. I have Tottenham third http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/03/02/champions-league-race-best-placed-finish-top-four-will-mean/ …
I don't - I'd have Arsenal in fourth. It's what they do.
Sanchez walked out of training and had bust-up with Arsenal team-mates ahead of being dropped #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/03/05/alexis-sanchez-furious-bust-up-angry-arsenal-team-mates-just/ …
Got to be scope for some Arsenal selfies here
Walcott has 17 goals in all comps for Arsenal this season. More than any other player Gareth Southgate has picked.
Arsenal fans hand Wenger and the board a vote of no confidence ahead of crucial month #afchttps://twitter.com/TeleFootball/status/847753109770190849 …
Sanchez wants Chelsea move but faces battle with Arsenal / Moses misses training #cfc #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/04/03/arsenal-transfer-news-alexis-sanchez-makes-chelsea-number-one/ …
Bournemouth substitute to demand first-team guarantees at Arsenal. Err... https://twitter.com/TeleFootball/status/849510669221326850 …
Good job for Arsenal that Cech has had a stormer
The strangest thing is Arsenal could still finish in the top four and win the FA Cup
Really? I think Arsenal fans would argue with that opinion
"Manchester City, United, Liverpool and Arsenal are the ones who gave up far too early."
"Arsenal win a largely terrible game.Ox good, Rooney bad."
Arsenal target Michael Zorc approached by Premier League club #afchttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/05/08/arsenal-director-football-target-michael-zorc-sounded-premier/ …
It seems increasingly likely that either Wenger leaves Arsenal or Gazidis does because it's clear that have very different visions
"News that is likely to alert Tottenham and Arsenal, among others #thfc #afc #lcfchttps://twitter.com/TeleFootball/status/861922970234695681 …"
Has Wenger made himself unemployable outside Arsenal? Can't think of a club he would be attracted to that would hire him without a DOF
Gazidis lined up to head MLS if he decides to leave Arsenal over Wenger power play #afchttps://twitter.com/TeleFootball/status/863146179802128384 …
Arsenal do love an end of season run
Arsenal offered Adams a role with the U18s last year. He started it and then took a far more lucrative offer from China a few weeks later
Suspect Adams may have improved his coaching skills at Arsenal but he chose money instead. That's how committed he is to good coaching
Most celebrations and tributes look over the top from the outside. Arsenal made Theo Walcott captain for his 100th appearance
"Fantastic interview, this. Arsenal player interviews are a rare commodity these days https://twitter.com/Matt_Barlow_DM/status/868379678947594240 …https://twitter.com/Matt_Barlow_DM/status/868379678947594240 …"
"As expected, Opsina plays and Cech on the bench for Arsenal"
Chelsea currently a shambles. Arsenal started superbly
Arsenal win the FA Cup and they deserved to
That was a superb performance against the odds from Arsenal. Chelsea never really got going.
Sanchez and Mertesacker were immense today for Arsenal.
New debate. Which team had the better season? Tottenham or Arsenal?
"Hilarious. No Champions League, no real ambition, no change at Arsenal. No chance next season? https://twitter.com/standardsport/status/874573818567766017 …"
Not sure why Arsenal would be too concerned about giving him a new contract. Sale would be best for club and player https://twitter.com/TeleFootball/status/876380720368943104 …
"You could interpret his comments in different ways, but I'm told Sanchez is getting worried that Arsenal will stick to their word #afchttps://twitter.com/TeleFootball/status/880746508232142849 …"
"Of course, Sanchez still has a potential ace to play by telling Arsenal he will sit tight and leave for free next year..."
They are but they have been told Arsenal won't sell to a PL rival. We'll see if Arsenal stick to that
"Interesting Chelsea have beaten Arsenal to this lad, given his dad works for Arsenal...#cfc #afchttps://www.exetercityfc.co.uk/news/2017/july/ethan-ampadu-signs-for-chelsea/ …"
Everyone wanted him. Arsenal thought they had him.